text	label
Novartis decided to terminate based on strategic and administrative reasons.	Business_Administrative
Company decision has been taken in light of recent demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision has been taken in light of recent demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision has been taken in light of recent demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision has been taken in light of recent demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Company decision taken in light of demands by certain national health authorities	Business_Administrative
Need amendments in application process and require IBD number from FDA	Business_Administrative
This study was terminated for administrative reasons. The dose ranging plan for the program was revised.	Business_Administrative
"This study was withdrawn for administrative reasons. The dose ranging plan for the program was revised&quot;."	Business_Administrative
Due to the achievement of minimum required sample size and new changes in local regulations.	Business_Administrative
inability to recruit due to administrative difficulties at the site	Business_Administrative
"Beacuse of unexpected administrative barriers, only 5 cases were enrolled in a year."""	Business_Administrative
Recruitment and organizational difficulties	Business_Administrative
"because of unexpected administrative barrier, it was very difficult to enroll case."""	Business_Administrative
"principle investigator moved, new investigators will join, insurance expired - project needs to be re-examined by an ethic committee"""	Business_Administrative
The study has ceased recruiting as Ethics approval has lapsed and the investigator availability reduced.	Business_Administrative
Due to the achievement of minimum required sample size and new changes in local regulations.	Business_Administrative
FDA Hold May 2007	Business_Administrative
No documentation with MHRA to support clinical trial of a medicinal product.	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn because of lack of aprovement from local medical authorities	Business_Administrative
Didn't receive IND exemption. PI withdrew rather than reapply to FDA. No patients enrolled.	Business_Administrative
Due to reorganisation in the hospital structure	Business_Administrative
Reorganization of personnel forced termination.	Business_Administrative
"The decision to terminate was for administrative reasons; there were no safety or efficacy concerns."	Business_Administrative
"Terminated for site documentation and monitoring issues - not safety, study drug, or adverse event issues."""	Business_Administrative
Terms for legal agreements between institution and Sponsor could not be made.	Business_Administrative
Unable to complete a contract with the Sponsor.	Business_Administrative
because of the presence of unexpected administrative barrier to interfere the collection of case	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn for administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
"Study was closed due to administrative reasons; study did not enroll any participants."	Business_Administrative
Protocol approval expired	Business_Administrative
administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
IMP expired prior to completion of recruitment	Business_Administrative
Study closed for PI failure to submit renewal paperwork	Business_Administrative
Recruitment on hold until IRB review completed	Business_Administrative
withdrawn due to contractual issues	Business_Administrative
"The study was prematurely discontinued due to administrative reasons on August 18, 2003. There were no safety concerns that led to the decision to terminate."""	Business_Administrative
Expired IRB approval	Business_Administrative
Collaboration could not be established	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
"Health Canada Approval date reached, no extension applied for"""	Business_Administrative
Contractual issues	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn due to inability to reach an acceptable agreement with industry sponsor	Business_Administrative
Administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
As Continuing Review application to IRB was not submitted on time	Business_Administrative
After 190 weeks [7 patients left] it was terminated for administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn for administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
Difficulties in the organisation	Business_Administrative
The study is being discontinued due to administrative reasons that are unrelated to safety	Business_Administrative
Suspended patient enrollment due to an ongoing dispute with the licensor.	Business_Administrative
Administrative suspension	Business_Administrative
The study was started before the official request for protocol registration	Business_Administrative
Terminated due to a patent legal settlement	Business_Administrative
Hiatus for administrative reasons.	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
No agreement between investigator and sponsor	Business_Administrative
unable to obtain contract with sponsor	Business_Administrative
Facet no longer has ownership of ularitide.	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
contract issues	Business_Administrative
for administrative reasons	Business_Administrative
terminated due to administrative reasons.	Business_Administrative
Interruption of business relations between Study Sponsor and Device Manufacturer	Business_Administrative
"Enrollment temporarily suspended to prepare grant; need IRB reapproval"	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
Administrative	Business_Administrative
"Due to company decision to focus resources on a larger, controlled study in this patient population."""	Another_Study
Due to company decision to focus resources on the finalisation of three ongoing studies in the region	Another_Study
"Lucentis, a treatment superior to PDT, has become available i Sweden."""	Another_Study
"Other authors showed the same metabolic effect may be obtained when BMMC are delivered peripherally, with lower risk and cost than through hepatic artery."""	Another_Study
"Investigator initiated hold due to animal toxicity results in another study; then changed study design so it no longer fit the description of this study."	Another_Study
protocol changed and a new study using verapamil in epilepsy will be started in the near future	Another_Study
Study design changes were needed based on GIPF-001 results	Another_Study
Due to ethical concerns regard to the results from the WHI study	Another_Study
project was only internally funded and would complete for subjects with 2 newer externally funded projects	Another_Study
"The results of a same study design have shown low response with important side effects. Accordingly &amp; ethicly, the study has been stopped."""	Another_Study
unsatisfactory efficacy data from preceding trial	Another_Study
"Trial suspended on 26 February, following the publication of a trial with negative results (Ann Intern Med 146(4), 2007). Pending ethics committee re-approval."""	Another_Study
"Study stopped early based on interim results of another trial, showing inferior activity of pemetrexed/carboplatin compared to etoposide/carboplatin in SCLC."""	Another_Study
Negative efficacy results of the MAESTRO-01 trial	Another_Study
EMD Serono voluntarily decided to terminate this trial after observing increased MS disease activity in trial 28063 ATAMS [Please refer to ATAMS]	Another_Study
Terminated due to insufficient efficacy over placebo in Study ATL1251/038/CL.	Another_Study
Study was terminated due to insufficient clinical efficacy observed in previous studies conducted in postherpetic neuralgia.	Another_Study
It was decided to close the study to further enrollment based on data from a similar study using ABT-751 and Pemetrexed that did not show efficacy.	Another_Study
study closed to enrollment 04/07/2005 due to two large phase III trials showing no survival benefit of combining bexarotene with platinum-based chemotherapy	Another_Study
Negative efficacy results of the MAESTRO-01 study	Another_Study
Interim results of another trial showed inferior activity of treatment	Another_Study
The predecessor study A00309 (NCT00152464) did not show statistical significance in time to onset of asthma between the levocetirizine and placebo groups.	Another_Study
Efficacy in pre-trial subjects indicated that the intervention did not warrant further investigation	Another_Study
Lack of efficacy demonstrated in study ICA-17043-10	Another_Study
"Positive FAIR-HF study data are available, this study is identical as EFFICACY-HF. Due to low recruitment in EFFICACY-HF the decision was made to terminate it."""	Another_Study
New evidence and trouble recruiting	Another_Study
problems with including patients and a large multicenter Trial is now starting as follow-up	Another_Study
The study was closed early due to low enrollment and new information regarding the benefit of the study regimen.	Another_Study
"Slow rates of accrual in North America, enrollment of more than 100 patients in a global study to confirm safe dose."""	Another_Study
Voluntary halt of further dosing due to an FDA Clinical Hold issued in relation to Dynavax study DV2-HBV-10	Another_Study
"Based on input from regulatory agencies, it is not necessary to conduct this study. An ongoing study was sufficient for regulatory purposes."""	Another_Study
Withdrawn as NCI rescinded approval for parent study NSABP-B-45	Another_Study
Investigations on a Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) in another trial (Phase II Multiple Myeloma trial EMR63325-008)	Another_Study
investigation of adverse events in a related clinical study	Another_Study
reports indicating that increased folic acid intake may increase colin cancer	Another_Study
Investigations on a Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) in another trial (Phase II Multiple Myeloma trial EMR63325-008)	Another_Study
Investigation of adverse events for a study in Germany using erythropoetin	Another_Study
Negative sorafenib results from ESCAPE trial and safety concerns of regimen	Another_Study
Due to the recent meta-analysis about CV adverse effects.	Another_Study
Safety concerns from other studies.	Another_Study
Higher hemorrhage rates of Abciximab in ABESST II trial	Another_Study
Adverse findings from nonclinical carcinogenicity studies.	Another_Study
Animal Safety Data	Another_Study
A sister study using Frova at a 10 mg dose had adverse effects.	Another_Study
Animal Safety Data	Another_Study
Investigations on a Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) in another trial (Phase II Multiple Myeloma trial EMR63325-008)	Another_Study
Due to the recent meta-analysis about CV adverse effects.	Another_Study
"Due to termination of study D3801C00001, due to reports of turbid urine."""	Another_Study
EMD Serono voluntarily decided to terminate this trial after observing increased MS disease activity in trial 28063 ATAMS [Please refer to ATAMS]	Another_Study
New clinical finding with Celebrex and cardiac concerns.	Another_Study
Terminated at 50% enrollment due to recent concerns about rosiglitazone	Another_Study
This study is terminated as a result of data from a study that showed increased mortality in stroke patients.	Another_Study
Investigations on a Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) in another trial (Phase II Multiple Myeloma trial EMR63325-008)	Another_Study
Higher hemorrhage rates of Abciximab in ABESST II trial	Another_Study
positive results from a larger study with same regimen was released.	Another_Study
Corroboration of supporting in vitro data	Another_Study
This was a follow-on study to Biomed 777-CLP-029 which did not meet superiority endpoint	Another_Study
Identical study Biomed 777-CLP-029 did not meet superiority endpoint	Another_Study
"APPRISE closure prompted by SWOG S0205 not meeting primary endpoint-improving OS. APPRISE enrollment closure due to similar design;no unexpected safety data"	Another_Study
RCT with same hypothesis ended and showed a superiority for protective ileostomy after lower anterior rectum resection.	Another_Study
A paper on the same topic came out just before we wanted to start our study.	Another_Study
Pilot study superseded by a larger NHMRC funded trial	Another_Study
No subjects were entered. The study group changed from patients to a healthy volunteers. A healthy-volunteer study is being planned to replace 213.	Another_Study
Due to the publication of significant literature in this area since commencement of the project which has now rendered the project unnecessary.	Another_Study
Replaced with another study	Another_Study
The study was terminated due to results in another study (NCT00878501).	Another_Study
Based on preliminary parent study results	Another_Study
New studies are being offered	Another_Study
Bupivacaine has recently been shown to inhibit osteoclast formation in vitro.	Another_Study
Replaced with an alternate study	Another_Study
This study has been transfered from a sponsored trial to an investigator initiated trial.	Another_Study
Because of unsatisfactory results of previous trial which assessed the effect of different onset times of PDL on surgical scars.	Another_Study
Replaced with ongoing study	Another_Study
We are awaiting publication of the Erythropoietin in Acute Ischemic Stroke Study(NCT00604630).	Another_Study
Due to recent findings relating MRI contrast to nephrogenic systemic fibrosis	Another_Study
Terminated due to awaiting data from Phase II study.	Another_Study
competitor study about to start	Another_Study
Withdrawn as was replaced by another study	Another_Study
Competing study was started.	Another_Study
Based on preliminary parent study results	Another_Study
The required results were obtained through alternate methodology	Another_Study
In order to join forces with another study already running which aims to answer the same question.	Another_Study
This study will not be conducted. A new study is replacing this one.	Another_Study
We found out that there is another study on the same issue	Another_Study
Additional research	Another_Study
"Terminated to focus on comparable trial, CLOMDS02507"""	Another_Study
"Treatment with thymic shielding found safe, another study started."""	Another_Study
Subsequent data generated by our collaborators have shown efficacy with curcumin and quercetin in 5 patients in a non placebo controlled trial.	Another_Study
Terminated in view of the C107 findings demonstrating efficacy at doses of 90 and 30 minutes	Another_Study
New information suggested a more effective treatment protocol.	Another_Study
"On the basis of published results of SMART study, it has been observed that the results are worse in patients who have interrupted their treatments."""	Another_Study
Replacing this trial with a new trial.	Another_Study
The study was incorporated in another study.	Another_Study
Replaced with another study	Another_Study
The study was stopped due to a non-clinical safety finding.	Another_Study
"After IELSG25A study amendment, patients subject of the present study were eligible for inclusion in the IELSG25A study"""	Another_Study
Protocol closed based on new (and as yet unpublished) information from a phase II clinical trial.	Another_Study
Replaced with another study	Another_Study
"Terminated in lieu of similar,competing large, multi-site study."""	Another_Study
"Unfortunately, other Phase III clinical Study (GEM+S-1 vs GEM vs S-1) have been started in Japan."""	Another_Study
Study stopped as it would not address important survival concerns raised in other recently conducted clinical studies.	Another_Study
Competing studies	Another_Study
Transitioned into a national study through ECOG	Another_Study
Created Extension study	Another_Study
Study progress very slow therefore terminated as other projects underway to investigate the same research question which will deliver results earlier	Another_Study
Further evaluation of phase I dosing	Another_Study
The study was stopped since the superiority of intravenous omeprazole to ranitidine has already been proven by recent other studies.	Another_Study
was replaced by an other study	Another_Study
Replacing this trial with a new trial.	Another_Study
Study was combined with Mayo protocol 07-003476	Another_Study
The trial was stopped based on information from the global phase 3 studies.	Another_Study
An alternative joint industry effort will provide information on combination versus single agent therapy for treatment of aspergillosis	Another_Study
Due to existing evidence eligible patients receive CRT treatment in first place	Another_Study
Early Phase I study of [123I]MNI-340 did not evidence as marker of disease	Another_Study
The present study was joining 2005-41-4933 into one study	Another_Study
PK portion will be included in a future protocol	Another_Study
Scientific data called into question the viability of the substance class	Another_Study
"Considered not necessary to continue with this trial; recommended dose was reached in other phase I trials"	Another_Study
Alternate study projected to assess imaging endpoints versus clinical endpoints.	Another_Study
program discontinued based on GIPF-007 results	Another_Study
Merged with the study NCT00307268	Another_Study
"The study was stopped, as the another multicentre-RCT on the same patients started."""	Another_Study
DSPD focussing on Study 301 to confirm clinical profile before proceeding.	Another_Study
Based upon preliminary safety and efficacy results from a similar study.	Another_Study
Protocol 1634 (UI) and 1635 (UF) were combined into one protocol 1634 for OAB. Subject enrolled under 1635 will be followed under 1634 for OAB.	Another_Study
Publication of MA17 results (similar trial in the extented adjuvant setting with letrozole)	Another_Study
New study with lenalidomide pending	Another_Study
NYU 03-67 reached accrual prior to this study opening.	Another_Study
conflicting study	Another_Study
The study goals were accomplished by a similar study at UAMS. (W.J. Evans)	Another_Study
The 20070201 study was terminated based on evaluation of Palifermin solid tumor data.	Another_Study
Study is replaced by MI-CP198 per CPM.	Another_Study
Similar study completed.	Another_Study
similar large study planned by NHLBI	Another_Study
Study is replaced by MI-CP198 per CPM.	Another_Study
Recent abstract publication questioning the need for our study	Another_Study
"During routine safety review of Studies U2970g and U2971g, the Data Monitoring Committee recommended that enrollment in this extension trial be terminated"""	Another_Study
Consenting participants entered tenofovir/emtricitabine oral prophylaxis trial	Another_Study
Request for early termination is based on a competing study OHSU is participating in	Another_Study
The study was terminated due to results in another study (NCT00878501).	Another_Study
"inconclusive results, market feasiblity"""	Negative
Change the sample size due to smaller variance than expected	Negative
No funding and data was not appropriate to consider continuing.	Negative
"slow enrollment , interim analysis conducted."""	Negative
Slowly recruitment rate. Intermediate analysis	Negative
Higher incidence of hospitalization for congestive heart failure in pioglitazone-treated subjects compared to glyburide treated subjects.	Negative
Interim analysis showed greater variablility in NT-proBNP findings than anticipated.	Negative
"Significant discrepancies between KOH and mycological culture results, and a lower than expected mycological cure rate"""	Negative
The study was prematurely interrupted because patients randomized to CPAP reached the endpoint quicker than anticipated in the protocol	Negative
Comflicting interim data	Negative
"Enrollment suspended based upon interim analysis; subjects allowed to stay on study until disease progression."	Negative
Modified dose schedule presented no advantage over previously studied schedule	Negative
Enrollment was stopped based on the Data Monitoring Committee's recommendation.	Negative
This study was terminated at the recommendation of an independent Data Monitoring Committee. The decision was not based on any safety concerns.	Negative
questions of the benefit efficacy/risks of ddI during the meal not resolved	Negative
Overall profile of the compound does not offer significant clinical advantage to patients over currently available lipid lowering agents	Negative
interim analysis found no difference in LB rate and lower than expected event rate	Negative
Interim analysis showed more LCFs in one of the treatment arms	Negative
The study was terminated after the planned interim analysis.	Negative
opposite result	Negative
Overall profile of the compound does not offer significant clinical advantage to patients over currently available lipid lowering agents	Negative
"A planned interim analysis was performed after approx. 240 subjects completed the trial. The study was stopped, as permitted by protocol, after the analysis."""	Negative
Review Board stopped the study after interim analysis reaching stopping rule for efficacy.	Negative
Data Safety Monitoring Committee decision	Negative
The overall profile does not support development for obesity	Negative
Study terminated per recommendation of Data Review Team	Negative
Greater differences between randomized patients than previously anticipated	Negative
The results obtained 1 year after surgery were clearly indicative of the outcome and the investigators decided to terminate follow-up at that point.	Negative
Overall profile of the compound does not offer significant clinical advantage to patients over currently available lipid lowering agents	Negative
"Based on the outcome of the planned first interim analysis, it was decided not to continue the trial. No safety concerns were identified."""	Negative
"DSMB review at 50% recruitment, further recruitment unlikely to change result"""	Negative
The results from the interim analysis were not favorable to continue this trial.	Negative
"We believe regional anesth better for TKR,90% patients got epidural. Last year we started spinal morphine one shot, and found it very promissing."""	Negative
Voluntarily terminated based on preliminary non-clinical findings.	Negative
Overall profile of the compound does not offer significant clinical advantage to patients over currently available lipid lowering agents	Negative
Overall profile of the compound does not offer significant clinical advantage to patients over currently available lipid lowering agents	Negative
"Independent steering committee has stopped the trial based on results of a prespecified, blinded interim analysis. It was not stopped due to safety concerns."""	Negative
The overall profile does not support development for obesity	Negative
Unexpectedely high rates of treatment-failure	Negative
Due to the results of interim analysis at the time 44 patients were recruited.	Negative
Study terminated as a result of interim analysis not meeting predetermined criteria.	Negative
Accrual and treatment with CG1940/CG8711 stopped due to IDMC recommendation.	Negative
DSMB	Negative
Concerns regarding neonatal data	Negative
Experimental results were unsatisfatory compared with control.	Negative
Executive committee determined to close study after interim analysis.	Negative
Ventricular rate during AF in CRT-patients much lower than expected	Negative
DSMB	Negative
Enrollment was stopped based on the Data Monitoring Committee's recommendation.	Negative
performance variability	Negative
following DSMB recommandation.	Negative
Study was stopped following interim analysis.	Negative
intermediate analysis	Negative
Study terminated based on DSMB recommendation in December 2006	Negative
The overall profile does not support development for obesity	Negative
The overall profile does not support development for obesity	Negative
Based on Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) recommendation.	Negative
Early stopping rule	Negative
per Data Monitoring Committee recommendation	Negative
Unplanned interim analysis by DSMB indicated possible reduced response rate with the addition of Ca/Mg in pooled population. Further analysis pending.	Negative
Reached early stopping rule.	Negative
was terminated due to meeting a priori stopping rule set by DSMB	Negative
The overall profile does not support development for obesity	Negative
AG-1749 superior to Gefarnate in ulcer prevention	Negative
Non-safety related business decision to combine special population protocols	Business_Administrative
Company restructured and protocol restructured. Resubmitted with IDE approval under new company name-Exalenz	Business_Administrative
Celgene unable to continue funds.	Business_Administrative
manufacturer could not finance the study	Business_Administrative
Financial concerns with device manufacturer.	Business_Administrative
"Funding was inadequate to continue; Companies requested closure."	Business_Administrative
In light of the company's current financial position we have indefinately suspended the Rheo-AMD trial.	Business_Administrative
Company decision to withdraw product from the market and terminate development initiatives due to potential device failures.	Business_Administrative
Lack of efficacy/Manufacturer stopping drug development	Business_Administrative
"Slow recruitment, investigators not wishing to continue with randomisation and a decision to rationalise this product from the Sponsors portfolio."""	Business_Administrative
Business considerations in light of slow enrollment.	Business_Administrative
Study was terminated due to lack of enrollment and businesss decisions.	Business_Administrative
"Study terminated on Nov 7, 2008 as a result of poor recruitment and changes in business priorities. The decision was not based on safety concerns."""	Business_Administrative
"Drug sold to Sanofi-Aventis who sold it to GSK; OBS no longer owns study and does not have data."	Business_Administrative
We can't obtained the test drug (Vadenafil) from Bayer. They decided not to carry out this trail in Taiwan. Therefore this trail has never been started.	Business_Administrative
We were unable to receive IVIG free from phamaceutical company.	Business_Administrative
"Study closed Nov 2000 by Amgen, who stopped drug delivery"""	Business_Administrative
Unable to renegotiate an expired contract w/sponsor providing study med	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn as the clinical development of ATN-224 was terminated by the drug company who was providing ATN-224 for the study	Business_Administrative
Corporate decision to discontinue distribution of MJS Knee.	Business_Administrative
Termination is due to a combination of a device defect potentially impacting the quality of the AD 923 IMP and a major change in corporate strategy.	Business_Administrative
"Sponsor business decision, not based on safety or efficacy data"""	Business_Administrative
"Sponsor business decision, not based on safety or efficacy data."""	Business_Administrative
The termination of the study is not linked to a product recall or result of any safety signal. Rather it was sponsor's commercial decision to withdraw the MA	Business_Administrative
The study was stopped by the sponsor based on a non-safety related business priority decision.	Business_Administrative
The termination of the study is not linked to a product recall or result of any safety signal. Rather it was sponsor's commercial decision to withdraw the MA	Business_Administrative
Withdrawal of pharmaceutical support from Novartis	Business_Administrative
Strategic reasons: Sponsor seeks oncology partner to explore Prolarix potential	Business_Administrative
This study was stopped by the sponsor before enrollment based on a non-safety related corporate decision.	Business_Administrative
The termination of the study is not linked to a product recall or result of any safety signal. Rather it was sponsor's commercial decision to withdraw the MA	Business_Administrative
This study was stopped by the sponsor based on a non-safety related corporate decision	Business_Administrative
"Due to portfolio and logistical issues, this study will not be re-started at the present time. The study is not being terminated for safety reasons."""	Business_Administrative
This study has been terminated early as the esreboxetine development program is being discontinued. There are no safety or efficacy concerns.	Business_Administrative
This study has been terminated early as the esreboxetine development program is being discontinued. There are no safety or efficacy concerns.	Business_Administrative
"Company decision to discontinue the AVE1642 development program, not due to any safety or efficacy concerns"""	Business_Administrative
Corporate reasons unrelated to safety and efficacy	Business_Administrative
Corporate reasons unrelated to safety and efficacy	Business_Administrative
"Business Decision; No Safety Or Efficacy Concerns."	Business_Administrative
The premature end of this trial was a business decision and not due to safety or efficacy concerns of the compounds.	Business_Administrative
Strategic decision unrelated to safety or efficacy	Business_Administrative
Strategic decision unrelated to safety or efficacy	Business_Administrative
This study has been cancelled as the esreboxetine development program is being discontinued. Safety and efficacy were not factors.	Business_Administrative
Business Objectives Have Changed	Business_Administrative
Celgene terminated its collaboration agreement with MethylGene for the development of MGCD0103. All Celgene-sponsored trials with MGCD0103 will be closed.	Business_Administrative
"Study was stopped shortly after initiation due to change in strategic direction of the company; no safety concerns were observed that impacted this decision."	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn prior to recruitment for business reasons.	Business_Administrative
Business decision. No patients were enrolled	Business_Administrative
Market dynamics including other technologies made the project not viable.	Business_Administrative
"No Patients enrolled, business objectives have changed"""	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
Business decision	Business_Administrative
"Study Terminated - No enrollment, business decision."""	Business_Administrative
"Decision made by B&amp;L to cancel the study, no subjects enrolled."""	Business_Administrative
Change in company direction	Business_Administrative
Company decision.	Business_Administrative
Corporate decision	Business_Administrative
"Business decision brand strategy; no patients enrolled"	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Termininated for business reasons	Business_Administrative
This study was stopped 29OCT2009 due to strategic drug development considerations.	Business_Administrative
Business decision	Business_Administrative
"change in development plan, not due to safety concerns."""	Business_Administrative
OBI business decision not to complete any additional research in HIV.	Business_Administrative
Commercial decision to discontinue the study	Business_Administrative
"Due to business considerations; not due to toxicities or adverse events."	Business_Administrative
The company which holds the patent was not interested.	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn as trial was never activated by SuperGen	Business_Administrative
Company decision to halt study	Business_Administrative
"Medtronic acquisition of Restore Medical, business decision"""	Business_Administrative
The Clinical Development Program for MGCD0103 is being re-evaluated	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
FlowMedica was purchased by AngioDynamics. Study will be re-started by AngioDynamics.	Business_Administrative
Business reasons	Business_Administrative
company focus on other projects	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
"This study was terminated in November 2008 due to &quot;a business decision (resources)&quot;."	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn due to business decisions. No subjects were treated.	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn prior to enrollment due to AZ business decision unrelated to safety.	Business_Administrative
Strategic Business Decision	Business_Administrative
"AMAG not continuing with Combidex, the study drug"""	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
Boston Scientific has decided to close the Study.	Business_Administrative
Business decision	Business_Administrative
"This protocol was terminated not for safety reasons, but because Pfizer decided to return the worldwide rights for Exubera to Nektar, on 18 October 2007."""	Business_Administrative
Corporate re-prioritization	Business_Administrative
the company does not want toproceed yet with the study	Business_Administrative
For business reasons	Business_Administrative
AOI Pharma is reassessing the development strategy for perifosine.	Business_Administrative
Company Decision	Business_Administrative
Business Objectives Changed	Business_Administrative
Change in company strategy	Business_Administrative
Strategic company decision	Business_Administrative
Study was withdrawn due to a business decision.	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
The study was not started due to a re-evaluation of the istaroxime development program	Business_Administrative
Internal Business Decision	Business_Administrative
Myriad has discontinued the development of Flurizan.	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
GSK decision	Business_Administrative
Corporate decision	Business_Administrative
Senior managemnt decision	Business_Administrative
Decision was taken by Wyeth Sr. Management to early terminate the 3100N7-210 study (terminate enrollment but complete follow-up).	Business_Administrative
The study was not started due to a re-evaluation of the istaroxime development program	Business_Administrative
For business reasons	Business_Administrative
Portfolio consolidation.	Business_Administrative
Company decision.	Business_Administrative
Discontinued PB127 development program for business reasons	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn because of internal business reasons not related to patient safety	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Senior management decision	Business_Administrative
Pfizer has terminated the execution of this protocol	Business_Administrative
business reasons	Business_Administrative
Corporate decision	Business_Administrative
Management decision not to conduct an additional efficacy study.	Business_Administrative
Study was withdrawn prior to patient dosing based on a business decision.	Business_Administrative
For Strategic Reasons	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Myriad has discontinued the development of Flurizan.	Business_Administrative
Business Decision	Business_Administrative
Development of this compound was discontinued.	Business_Administrative
Research and Development priorities were re-assessed.	Business_Administrative
Business objectives changed.	Business_Administrative
Business Decision	Business_Administrative
Discontinued PB127 development program for business reasons	Business_Administrative
Company suspended development of product.	Business_Administrative
development of product discontinued	Business_Administrative
Company Decision	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
Company decision not to pursue prior to submission	Business_Administrative
The program responsible for recruitment was dismantled in 2006.	Business_Administrative
AOI Pharma is reassessing the development strategy for perifosine.	Business_Administrative
Business Decision	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn due to business decisions. No subjects were treated.	Business_Administrative
business reasons	Business_Administrative
The study was terminated after Merck Serono had taken the decision not to pursue the development of AS900672-enriched in Ovulation Induction	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Following the termination of development and commercialization agreement for S-1 with Taiho Pharmaceutical	Business_Administrative
A decision was made to discontinue the study due to a change in the strategic direction of the company.	Business_Administrative
Company strategic decision	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
This study not get the approval by the drug company	Business_Administrative
Company decision. Non-safety related	Business_Administrative
"The study was terminated on June 25th, 2009 due to strategic decision"""	Business_Administrative
Program Development discontinued	Business_Administrative
Sanofi-Aventis wanted the study terminated.	Business_Administrative
Business Objectives Changed	Business_Administrative
Due to changes in portofolio review	Business_Administrative
Business reasons	Business_Administrative
Business Decision	Business_Administrative
GeneSearch_Š— BLN Assay has been voluntarily withdrawn from the US market.	Business_Administrative
This study was withdrawn due to business reasons.	Business_Administrative
"Study has been halted after completing Stage 1, for corporate reasons. No future patients will be enrolled or treated."""	Business_Administrative
Product no longer will be developed by Alseres.	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
The study was stopped due to business/operational issues.	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Development program terminated.	Business_Administrative
terminated due to corporate transaction.	Business_Administrative
Company Decision	Business_Administrative
Business Reasons	Business_Administrative
business reasons	Business_Administrative
"Study was terminated for commercial reasons, no patients were enrolled"""	Business_Administrative
Restructuring and refocus of company.	Business_Administrative
Business decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsoring company ceased business operations	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Business decision to end program	Business_Administrative
Management Decision	Business_Administrative
Company decision to not fund further development of women's health new drug development programs.	Business_Administrative
company focus on other projects	Business_Administrative
Business reasons	Business_Administrative
"Company business decision, IDE closed, no commercialization planned"""	Business_Administrative
Business reasons	Business_Administrative
AstraZeneca has discontinued the development of AZD0530. No new AstraZeneca-sponsored clinical studies will be initiated..	Business_Administrative
This study was terminated at the request of the drug manufacturer.	Business_Administrative
Celgene terminated its collaboration agreement with MethylGene for the development of MGCD0103. All Celgene-sponsored trials with MGCD0103 with be closed.	Business_Administrative
No safety signals were noted. The study was stopped because it was no longer consistent with the company's scientific and strategic focus.	Business_Administrative
Business Decision	Business_Administrative
Discontinued PB127 development program for business reasons	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Strategic business decision not to pursue indication due to lack of demonstrable medical need	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
"AOI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. decided to terminate the license agreement. No further clinical development by AOI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will be pursued."""	Business_Administrative
GeneSearch_Š— BLN Assay has been voluntarily withdrawn from the US market.	Business_Administrative
Business Objectives Changed	Business_Administrative
Business decision to stop the program	Business_Administrative
Because of a strategic decision by Novartis	Business_Administrative
Celgene terminated its collaboration agreement with MethylGene for the development of MGCD0103. All Celgene-sponsored trials with MGCD0103 will be closed.	Business_Administrative
Commercial reasons	Business_Administrative
Enrollment challenges due to changes in standards of care resulted in premature termination. No safety or efficacy events factored into this action.	Change in practice
Enrollment challenges due to changes in standards of care resulted in premature termination. No safety or efficacy events factored into this action.	Change in practice
slow subject recruitment and lack of medical and scientific merit due to change in new standard of therapy during that same period.	Change in practice
Study was stopped due to difficulties in recruitment and changes in standard care for invasive aspergillosis	Change in practice
"A new alternative treatment for patients who have progressed after treatment with trastuzumab, has caused the decrease in the rhythm of recruitment."""	Change in practice
"Protocol was comparing to standard of practice, which has changed over the course of slow recruitment and no longer can be used as a comparator."""	Change in practice
Low recruitment rate due to treatment regimen change	Change in practice
"Could not meet recruitment, technology advancement."""	Change in practice
The study was terminated after the EMEA recommended to suspend the marketing authorisation of Raptiva in the EU	Change in practice
The study was terminated after the EMEA recommended to suspend the marketing authorisation of Raptiva in the EU	Change in practice
The study was terminated after the EMEA recommended to suspend the marketing authorisation of Raptiva in the EU	Change in practice
The study was terminated after the EMEA recommended to suspend the marketing authorisation of Raptiva in the EU	Change in practice
"Decision to modify the product under study as a result of feedback regarding subjective feeling during installation procedure. For more info, see brief summary."""	Change in practice
The clinical use of Campath for transplant patients was temporarily suspended.	Change in practice
Lack of inclusion due to changed medical practice	Change in practice
Change of practice pattern. Green light laser	Change in practice
Avastin approved for first-in-line treatment.	Change in practice
procedure no longer being done	Change in practice
Change in formulation	Change in practice
echo contrast agents no longer allowed in CAD patients.	Change in practice
Manufacturing change in one of the two lipid emulsion products being studied.	Change in practice
"Study never initiated, new technology acquired for Oxygenation measurements"""	Change in practice
drug withdrawn from market	Change in practice
There is no participant enrolled in this study since developing this trial and other cholangiographic techniques are more available in our institute.	Change in practice
PI decided to use another product	Change in practice
Commercial availability of Xenazine	Change in practice
"Because of approval of Bevacizumab, it was difficult to perform clinical study in 1st line setting."""	Change in practice
Study stopped to avoid treating enrolled subjects to hemoglobin levels higher than those specified in current labeling.	Change in practice
Surgical approach changed therefore subject enrollment not possible.	Change in practice
Trial terminated after recruiting 172 patients but without proceeding to the highest dosing cohort as this no longer reflects common clinical practice	Change in practice
This condition can now be managed in the office with an injection of Lucentis.	Change in practice
Withdrawn because treatment guidelines changed	Change in practice
Sponsor withdrew drug.	Change in practice
"Device superceded by next generation device. Enrollment stopped, long term follow up was completed in August of 2004."""	Change in practice
Change of MRI mode	Change in practice
"The FDA changed the labeling for this agent, and we felt we could not offer it to patients on a non-surgical study."""	Change in practice
Gm test became routinely available. We could not compare the two arms anymore.	Change in practice
Evaluation of surgical technique	Change in practice
Large sample size and change in Orthopaedic practice to use of CCPM in conjunction with Clinical Monitoring rendered project less timely.	Change in practice
"Manufacturer changed device so no study will be done; ie it was never started"	Change in practice
"At the end of the year 2002, Cameroon switched from chloroquine to amodiaquine as first-line therapy for of uncomplicated malaria."""	Change in practice
"change in donor site care protocol; donor site healing is a study endpoint"	Change in practice
Recruitment problems has forced us to change the design of this study from a clinical trial to a comparative study of 3 different groups of patients.	Study_Design
"Due to FDA comments, indications for use were chnaged and a different population will be proposed shortly"""	Study_Design
Protocol modifications in response FDA alert for the use erythropoiesis-stimulating agents are pending final IRB approval	Study_Design
"Decision to modify the product under study as a result of feedback regarding subjective feeling during installation procedure. For more info, see brief summary."""	Study_Design
"Protocol amendment pending, suspended during interim."""	Study_Design
Clinical Hold pending additional data review and protocol amendment	Study_Design
Lapatinib-topotecan arm enrollment closed early per protocol amendment 2. Then enrollment into remaining arm terminated due to operational issues.	Study_Design
Planning new study protocol	Study_Design
Trial was terminated due to the need to re-formulate the study drug.	Study_Design
"Study withdrawn with intent of persuing larger, multi-site study."""	Study_Design
Study re-designed	Study_Design
Suspended pending an amendment to the protocol for IV administration of LBH589	Study_Design
Major planned study protocol modifications	Study_Design
Study redesigned and re-submitted to UAMS IRB under different study title and IRB number.	Study_Design
Pending Modification	Study_Design
Redirect focus of the indication	Study_Design
"Study terminated for re-design. A new IND study (US FDA, July 2009) will be conducted in US and Taiwan. Termination not related to safety concerns."""	Study_Design
Pending modifications	Study_Design
"After Preliminary results indicate need to make numerous changes to protocol, and therfore will end, rewrite, and then begin again."""	Study_Design
Need for re-formulation	Study_Design
pending enhancements to protocol	Study_Design
Change of dose regimen (new protocol)	Study_Design
Change in the procedure of cells infusion to be approved by the regulatory authority.	Study_Design
Enrollment discontinued pending protocol modification considerations.	Study_Design
Change in Formulation	Study_Design
Procedure protocol improved - study protocol became obsolete	Study_Design
A pending new protocol will replace this study.	Study_Design
Study_Design	Study_Design
"Enrollment temporarily suspended, while protocol is being revised"""	Study_Design
Protocol being revised	Study_Design
Protocol to be re-designed (primary outome still GCSI)	Study_Design
Optimization of protocol	Study_Design
Study design was changed and is now listed as InSite for Urinary Urge Incontinence and InSite for Urgency-Frequency	Study_Design
protocol development and Amended protocol revision	Study_Design
Enrollment suspended due to protocol amendment	Study_Design
The study was terminated prior to completion to focus on the development of a controlled release formulation.	Study_Design
It was decided to use a different protocol with a different radioligand	Study_Design
"Terminated, new protocol to be developed"""	Study_Design
Suspended to modify recruitment process	Study_Design
awaiting amendment approval	Study_Design
Protocol currently reviewed for updating	Study_Design
Change in isolation method	Study_Design
The study have been stoped because the protocol is going to be modify.	Study_Design
Study design was altered such that a treatment component was removed through the VA IRB. We did not and will not begin this clinical trial.	Study_Design
Amendment requested for this study - waiting for Regulatory Approval of the Amendment	Study_Design
planned to design a prospective study	Study_Design
This study will not be initiated. Study will be conducted with Systane Ultra in 2010.	Study_Design
Decided to conduct study in adults first	Study_Design
Study re-design	Study_Design
Protocol changes underway.	Study_Design
Trial was rewritten and will no longer focus on the link between smoking and depression.	Study_Design
Making amendments to the study	Study_Design
We have recruited 16 subjects for the pilot study. The recruitment will resume once the amendments are approved for increasing sample size to 30 subjects.	Study_Design
change of study population and chemotherapeutic regimen	Study_Design
Alternative trial planned	Study_Design
Due to the achievement of minimum required sample size and new changes in local regulations.	Invalid_Reason
Due to the achievement of minimum required sample size and new changes in local regulations.	Invalid_Reason
The sponsor determined that adequate data had been acquired.	Invalid_Reason
Accrural was completed	Invalid_Reason
recruitment completed	Invalid_Reason
data collection sufficient	Invalid_Reason
enrollment was completed	Invalid_Reason
enrollment completed	Invalid_Reason
Last patient left the study after the last visit	Invalid_Reason
The total number of patients has been reached.	Invalid_Reason
End of recruitment period	Invalid_Reason
Study prematurely discont_‚…d 20-Apr-2006 after interim analysis suggested sample size could be reduced without losing power. No safety concerns led to decision.	Invalid_Reason
sufficient data collected	Invalid_Reason
The scientific commitee decided to stop the inclusions and exploit the results.	Invalid_Reason
End of the recruitment	Invalid_Reason
Enrolled requested number of patients and completed study. In analysis	Invalid_Reason
inclusion was finished	Invalid_Reason
sufficient number to reach the primary endpoint and as planned	Invalid_Reason
Enrollment criteria met	Invalid_Reason
all patients recruited	Invalid_Reason
Accrual Goal Met	Invalid_Reason
accrual goal met	Invalid_Reason
accrual goal met	Invalid_Reason
data collection completed	Invalid_Reason
enough patients have been enrolled for the statistic analysis	Invalid_Reason
Enrollment completed	Invalid_Reason
Sufficient number of subjects accrued to conduct analysis	Invalid_Reason
Number included has been reached	Invalid_Reason
Last subject out	Invalid_Reason
"Recruitment finished earlier, because all 40 patients enrolled"""	Invalid_Reason
recruitment goals met	Invalid_Reason
Recruitment halted as research group determined that they had sufficient numbers to determine if the intervention had an effect.	Invalid_Reason
terminated because of enough case number	Invalid_Reason
"Enrollment into acute phase therapy ended August 1st, 2008. Randomized continuation phase trial is slated to end in June 2009 and follow-up to end in June 2011."""	Invalid_Reason
accrual goal met	Invalid_Reason
the number of patients will be included is reach	Invalid_Reason
all patients required included	Invalid_Reason
recruitment is finished	Invalid_Reason
The number of patients desired has been reached	Invalid_Reason
May continue recruiting only if required by journal reviewers	Invalid_Reason
accrual goal met	Invalid_Reason
The study was stopped on november 2006 after inclusion was fulfilled	Invalid_Reason
recruitment has ended	Invalid_Reason
Recruitment completed	Invalid_Reason
All the patients were included	Invalid_Reason
sufficient data collected	Invalid_Reason
Not enough patients/ ethical concerns	Ethical Reason
The VA IRB would not allow demented subjects to be entered in this study.	Ethical Reason
Ethics approval denied	Ethical Reason
study was not ethically acceptable to continue and therefore it was finally stopped	Ethical Reason
Ethics Committee approval denied	Ethical Reason
Rejected ethics approval in UK and Holland	Ethical Reason
Question raised by Ethics Committee	Ethical Reason
No diagnosis of visceral lesion was placed on 18 included patients. The study is thus stopped prematurely for ethical reasons.	Ethical Reason
"Insufficient financial support to continue; lack of efficacy"	Business_Administrative
"Withdrawn due to funding, interest, and accrual problems"""	Business_Administrative
"Poor recruitment, poor patient compliance, lack of funding"""	Business_Administrative
because of lack of funding and recruitment problems the study has been closed.	Business_Administrative
Funders withdrew funding due to slow recruitment	Business_Administrative
NO available budget and difficulty in recruiting	Business_Administrative
"difficulties by enrolling patients fundings consumed, no staff could be recruited and payed to continue enrolling patients,"""	Business_Administrative
grant funding ended and lack of sufficient participants to complete trial	Business_Administrative
Recruitment challenges and lack of funding caused an early end to this study	Business_Administrative
"Funding withdrawn; study closed due to lack of accrual."	Business_Administrative
"Funding expired, low recruitment"""	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn for lack of funding and accrual	Business_Administrative
slow accrual and financial resource limitation	Business_Administrative
No study recruitment due to time constraints and lack of support.	Business_Administrative
The CIHR Financial support was withdrawn because of insufficient recruitment	Business_Administrative
Funding withdrawn due to low enrollment	Business_Administrative
Lack of financial support. Study criteria severly limited enrollment.	Business_Administrative
Recruitment was slower than anticipated. Insufficient funding to expand to multi-centered trial.	Business_Administrative
"Lack of patients, lack of funding for analysis"""	Business_Administrative
"PI left institution, study did not continue, funding stopped"""	Business_Administrative
Funding nonavailability and principal investigator move	Business_Administrative
"Collaborator no longer interested, short of funds"""	Business_Administrative
"The Trial could not get permit from Department of Health, Taiwan; Furthermore, no research fund could support the expensive (photosensitizer) photosan"""	Business_Administrative
Incorporating the recommendations of the NIH-formed DSMB in the study procedures would make the project budget over the limit for this funding mechanism.	Business_Administrative
"Lack of study funding &amp; resources"	Business_Administrative
Lack of staff and funding.	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn due to drug availability and funding	Business_Administrative
no research staff and funding support	Business_Administrative
Funding and study drugs unavailable	Business_Administrative
Neurogen acquired by Ligand Pharmaceuticals - no further support for study. No safety concerns identified.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor withdrew funding prior to study initiation	Business_Administrative
Funding withdrawn from study sponsor.	Business_Administrative
funding was withdrawn from Drug company	Business_Administrative
Study was stopped as the sponsor is no longer funding this project	Business_Administrative
Sponsor Decision- Financial Considerations	Business_Administrative
Sponsor Decision- Financial Considerations	Business_Administrative
sponsor funding	Business_Administrative
sponsor funding	Business_Administrative
"To conserve remaining capital, Sponsor decided to terminate the study early."""	Business_Administrative
Sponsor has withdrawn the funding	Business_Administrative
The drug company sponsor has withdrawn support.	Business_Administrative
Pharmaceutical sponsor withdrew financial support.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decided to terminate the study due to budget consideration	Business_Administrative
Sponsor pulled funding secondary to economy issues	Business_Administrative
Sponsor no longer funding study.	Business_Administrative
Terminated by sponsor due to lack of funding	Business_Administrative
sponsor funding	Business_Administrative
Due to Sponsor's financial reasons	Business_Administrative
Neurogen acquired by Ligand Pharmaceuticals - no further support for the study. No safety concerns identified.	Business_Administrative
The sponsor decided to stop the study prematurely because of financial issues	Business_Administrative
Funding for the CALM-PD Cohort Study was terminated by sponsor.	Business_Administrative
sponsor funding	Business_Administrative
sponsor funding	Business_Administrative
For financial and logistical reasons	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Insufficient funding	Business_Administrative
Funding ended	Business_Administrative
financial support withdrawn	Business_Administrative
"Study terminated due to halt in funding; may resume recruiting in future"	Business_Administrative
Funding was not recieved	Business_Administrative
Funding was unable to be secured for this study	Business_Administrative
The development program has been terminated	Business_Administrative
Terminated for lack of resources to complete.	Business_Administrative
No funding	Business_Administrative
Funding was never received so no patients were enrolled.	Business_Administrative
Funding was not approved	Business_Administrative
Funding term completed. Final subject accrual for part 3 of study is on hold.	Business_Administrative
Funding unavailable	Business_Administrative
lack of funding	Business_Administrative
unable to obtain funding	Business_Administrative
No resources available	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn due to budget (personnel) limitations.	Business_Administrative
"Funds for study ended September 30, 2008."""	Business_Administrative
Study closed due to lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Budgetary restrictions	Business_Administrative
Study was terminated due to lack of funding.	Business_Administrative
Negotiations in progress regarding payment for drug.	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
"This study was for National Science Council project. The study was not funded, so the study was withdrawn."""	Business_Administrative
Lack of financial support	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Study pulled due to a grant disagreement between the U of M and SMDC	Business_Administrative
Loss of funding	Business_Administrative
End of study time and budget permission	Business_Administrative
Reallocation of funding.	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding.	Business_Administrative
Temporarily suspended. Currently seeking funds to continue study.	Business_Administrative
Trial terminated due to financial resource limitations	Business_Administrative
underfunding	Business_Administrative
F Funding Expiration	Business_Administrative
Insufficient funds available	Business_Administrative
Study was terminated due to insufficient funds	Business_Administrative
Funding support withdrawn	Business_Administrative
Failure to secure adequate funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of funds	Business_Administrative
No funding	Business_Administrative
funding withdrawn	Business_Administrative
No funding available.	Business_Administrative
Did not receive budget needed.	Business_Administrative
Budget issues	Business_Administrative
Reallocation of funding.	Business_Administrative
This study did not receive funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of financial support	Business_Administrative
Lack of financial support	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn as company has shut down and filed for bankruptcy	Business_Administrative
grant was not approved.	Business_Administrative
funding exhausted	Business_Administrative
Prematurely terminated due to financial considerations	Business_Administrative
No funding	Business_Administrative
Funding was never granted for this study. No participants were ever enrolled.	Business_Administrative
no funding	Business_Administrative
Suspended due to funding issues.	Business_Administrative
no fund	Business_Administrative
Because we did not find funds to do it	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Funding unavailable	Business_Administrative
Sufficient study funding was not obtained.	Business_Administrative
Unable to obtain funding to complete study never started study	Business_Administrative
Loss of funding	Business_Administrative
funding	Business_Administrative
Study has been terminated early due to financial constraints.	Business_Administrative
Administrative closed due to funding	Business_Administrative
Not funded at this time.	Business_Administrative
lost funding	Business_Administrative
"Funding problem; trial abandoned."	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn as company has shut down and filed for bankruptcy	Business_Administrative
Study has been termination early due to financial contraints.	Business_Administrative
Our funding is quite limited and we need to determine if we have enough funds to continue.	Business_Administrative
Funding ended	Business_Administrative
Funding issues	Business_Administrative
Study has been temporarily suspended due to funding issues.	Business_Administrative
Funding not available	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Funding withdrawn	Business_Administrative
There is no funding to proceed.	Business_Administrative
Inadequate funding to support this fellow-in-training initiated study.	Business_Administrative
Funding ran out	Business_Administrative
Study was never initiated due to lack of funding support.	Business_Administrative
lack of appropriate funding	Business_Administrative
Terminated to financial cut	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Study is no longer funded.	Business_Administrative
unable to obtain funding	Business_Administrative
Funding allocation to different clinical trials.	Business_Administrative
Study temporarily suspended until funding can be secured.	Business_Administrative
Study suspended until funding secured	Business_Administrative
Funding ended for the study	Business_Administrative
Funding will not be provided for the drug	Business_Administrative
No financing possible	Business_Administrative
Industry support and funding not forthcoming	Business_Administrative
Insufficient funding	Business_Administrative
Suspended until capitalization is completed	Business_Administrative
Lack of sufficient funds	Business_Administrative
Due to insufficient funds	Business_Administrative
Funding has been pulled	Business_Administrative
Study had to be withdrawn because financial support was cancelled.	Business_Administrative
Funding not available. Could not start this study.	Business_Administrative
New funding sources being sought	Business_Administrative
insufficient funding	Business_Administrative
This study was closed due to lack of funding.	Business_Administrative
Fail of applying funding	Business_Administrative
Study has been terminated early due to financial constraints.	Business_Administrative
Protocol never received funding.	Business_Administrative
No funding	Business_Administrative
run out of independent funding	Business_Administrative
Inability to obtain grant funding	Business_Administrative
funding was withdrawn	Business_Administrative
Budgetary	Business_Administrative
Funding	Business_Administrative
problems in funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
unable to secure funding for analysis of laboratory data.	Business_Administrative
Sponsoring company ceased business operations.	Business_Administrative
study lacked funding to recruit	Business_Administrative
Study never started at our site Funding issue	Business_Administrative
"Funds for study ended September 30, 2008."""	Business_Administrative
No continued funding.	Business_Administrative
Loss of funding	Business_Administrative
"Funds for this project have been spent, and it is thereby terminated."""	Business_Administrative
Lack of funds	Business_Administrative
Loss of funding from sponsor	Business_Administrative
Trial temporarily suspended until additional funding can be secured	Business_Administrative
Funding Discontinued	Business_Administrative
Insufficient funding	Business_Administrative
Funding withdrawn	Business_Administrative
Inadequate funding	Business_Administrative
Study has been termination early due to financial constraints.	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Study was never funded.	Business_Administrative
not funded	Business_Administrative
Grant expired	Business_Administrative
Funding withdrawn	Business_Administrative
Study was terminated due to lack of available funding.	Business_Administrative
Study currently suspended due to a lack of available funding.	Business_Administrative
There was no funding for the device to be used in the study.	Business_Administrative
Limitation of funding	Business_Administrative
unable to secure additional funding	Business_Administrative
Drug company withdrawal of support for investigational agent in this indication.	Business_Administrative
Funding was terminated	Business_Administrative
Not funded	Business_Administrative
Suspended due to lack of funding	Business_Administrative
Sponsoring company ceased business operations.	Business_Administrative
Study terminated as a result of the dissolution of the Sponsor.	Business_Administrative
Study was not funded.	Business_Administrative
unable to obtain funding	Business_Administrative
Financial Constraints	Business_Administrative
Seeking additional funds	Business_Administrative
Funding problem.	Business_Administrative
financial reasons	Business_Administrative
"20 subjects completed for a pilot, further funding required to continue study"""	Business_Administrative
awaiting additional funding	Business_Administrative
Funding completed	Business_Administrative
recruitment was stopped as consequence of cessation of funding (economic crisis)	Business_Administrative
Financial difficulties	Business_Administrative
due to lack of finance	Business_Administrative
Funding withdrawn	Business_Administrative
Lack of funding	Business_Administrative
The investigator at Cedars stopped this study due to problems collecting payment from the sponsor.	Business_Administrative
Funding for continuation was not received.	Business_Administrative
Funding unavailable	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn for financial problems. We didnwt get a grant we needed for purchesing the medication for the study.	Business_Administrative
Funding	Business_Administrative
Study was stopped due to perceived futility because the baseline pain score in first 40 patients was too low to be able demonstrate an improvement	Negative
Study was terminated for futility following the planned interim analysis.	Negative
Protocol-defined outcome in terms of efficacy would not be achieved.	Negative
"Terminated because of futility to continue, after planned interim analysis."""	Negative
Interim analysis indicated that sample size of study patients had to be highly increased to obtain significant outcomes.	Negative
The study was terminated on the basis of futility. There were no safety or toleration issues.	Negative
The Omega arm of this study was stopped for futility. The EDEN arm continues to recruit patients as a separate independent study.	Negative
"Terminated by DSMB; futility analysis showing Mg treatment not efficacious"	Negative
interim analysis indicates statistical futility for primary outcomes	Negative
The study was stopped early for futility reasons.	Negative
Futility	Negative
"Based on interim analysis at the end of Stage 1, and predefined stopping rules for futility, further enrollment was stopped due to lack of efficacy"""	Negative
Futility	Negative
The DMC terminated the study on the basis of futility (insufficient clinical response).	Negative
this study was suspended for futility	Negative
Interim efficacy analysis indicated it would be futile to continue study.	Negative
"No difference in 28 day survival among treatment groups (futility). Data analyses showed earlier, but not higher, mortality in the hypertonic saline arms."""	Negative
"When 9 subjects of targeted 12 subjects had been studied, no changes in plasma potassium were detected and it was deemed futile to continue with enrolment."""	Negative
Only apx 1/3 of enrolled subjects (signed consent) participated. Futility analysis to show primary endpoint	Negative
termination due to futility (very slow patient enrollment)	Negative
Very low rate of recruitment anticipated futility of pursuing the study	Negative
Stopped for futility by DSMB	Negative
Due to results of conditional power analysis performed at the first interim analysis and due to observed spectrum of adverse events.	Negative
Terminated for futility by sponsor after a pre-planned interim review of data	Negative
Interim analysis has shown that the objectives of this study can not be reached	Negative
Futility	Negative
Coronary flow by echo Doppler was obtainable in about 50% of subjects. The study was stopped early because of insufficient sample size to achieve adequate power	Negative
DSMB stopped trial for futility	Negative
Futility	Negative
"based on interim analysis statistical significance in primary endpoint cannot be achieved with planned sample size, no safety concerns"""	Negative
An independent DMC determined continuation was unlikely to demonstrate a statistically significant advantage of ASP8825 over placebo on the primary endpoint	Negative
DSMB felt continuing study will not yield any statistical significance.	Negative
DSMB stopped the study based on conclusion of likely futility of treatment on the primary outcome.	Negative
Low probability of positive outcome	Negative
"As no safety warnings were detected,Interim analysis from the first 40 patients reccomends to stop the trial for futility"""	Negative
Futility boundary at interim analysis not met	Negative
Study was terminated due to futility	Negative
"Futility analysis undertaken, determined that study was underpowered."""	Negative
Because of the low probability of achieving the primary endpoint.	Negative
"The CARE Network DSMB recommended to the NHLBI that the MARS trial be terminated, based on a futility analysis with 55 randomized children."""	Negative
This study was terminated because it was unlikely to have sufficient power to show a difference with therapy on an interim analysis.	Negative
Due to a substantial response to placebo an interim analysis indicated the need for a larger than expected study population to achieve the level of significance	Negative
Met criteria for study futility at interim analysis	Negative
futility	Negative
Terminated for futility reasons.	Negative
Futility reasons after Independent Data Monitoring Committee interim analysis	Negative
"Based on futility analysis showing &lt;30% chance of meeting primary endpoint."	Negative
Terminated for futility on 11/30/09 based on the recommendation of the DSMB	Negative
because in a preliminary analysis we would need 1000 patients per group to achieve significative differences in the main end point.	Negative
"Interim data indicated that subjects exhibited no meaningful allergic disease during the first ragweed season, making it impossible to measure treatment effect."""	Negative
protocol needs complete restructuring in order to make it feasible and to complete the enrollment of 23 patients	Inadequate design
Decision to discontinue was due to the challenges of the current trial design and the constraints on enrolling eligible and consenting patients.	Inadequate design
Recruitment of patients proved much too difficult based on the chosen criteria.	Inadequate design
"poor recruitment, pilot outcome measures inappropriate"""	Inadequate design
"Due to the lack of enrolment and complexity of design, the QAX576A2103 study in asthma was terminated. No subjects have been dosed for this study."""	Inadequate design
"Low study enrollment; re-evaluating study protocol and study selection criteria."	Inadequate design
"This study was terminated May 7, 2007. The study stopped due to tablet formulation issues. No safety issues were involved in the termination decision."""	Inadequate design
Limited regulatory value to uncontrolled trials. No safety/efficacy concerns.	Inadequate design
Terminated due to suboptimal dosing schedule	Inadequate design
The trial was terminated early due to inadequate study design.	Inadequate design
Need to review design	Inadequate design
Enrollment suspended due to low drug exposure.	Inadequate design
Study not yet started. Decided not to do the study. Considering more robust design.	Inadequate design
Not to expose the patients to subtherapeutic dose	Inadequate design
Objectives of study could not be met within a reasonable timeframe.	Inadequate design
Investigator decided it was not feasible to conduct this study	Inadequate design
Endpoint no longer deemed meaningful	Inadequate design
Withdrawn pending further review of clinical design.	Inadequate design
Study terminated due to lack of care guidelines in the protocol.	Inadequate design
The intervention could not be successfully carried out in the SADP setting because of issues independent of the cognitive training intervention.	Inadequate design
No recommended Phase II dose was determined.	Inadequate design
Interim Analysis: Optimization of study design required.	Inadequate design
protocol revisions were deemed unable to be completed by 8/2007	Inadequate design
Study design no longer relevant and no patients were recruited.	Inadequate design
lack of data	Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data Collected	Insufficient Data
Insufficient findings for data analysis	Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data Collected	Insufficient Data
Incomplete data	Insufficient Data
Insufficient findings for data analysis	Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data Collected	Insufficient Data
Preliminary data was inconclusive to warrant keeping the study open.	Insufficient Data
Due to lack of follow-up information	Insufficient Data
Insufficient findings for data analysis	Insufficient Data
Insufficient Data Collected	Insufficient Data
lack of data	Insufficient Data
We wish to wait until there is more data available using this substance.	Insufficient Data
stopped due to slow recruitment and no effect	Negative
"High dropout, problems recruiting, and smaller than expected decline in FEV1."""	Negative
"This trial is being closed based on lack of substantive efficacy, slow accrual and overall tolerance in patients treated to date."""	Negative
"Problems recruiting; patient relapse following treatment"	Negative
"low response rate, no evidence of PFS or OS improved."""	Negative
The study was discontinued after the completion of dose escalation because of slow enrollment and minimal preliminary biological and clinical efficacy.	Negative
Slower than anticipated recruitment and stopping criteria defined in protocol resulted in early termination of study.	Negative
"Rate of cure was higher than expected, IRB suspended for no additional benefit"""	Negative
DSMB recommended termination due to lower survival to discharge in primary population and worse discharge CPC scores in the treatment arm than control arm.	Negative
"Stopped by the DSMB due to a trend toward more adverse events in the higher hemoglobin (Hb) arm and &lt;5% chance that the study would show benefit for higher Hb."	Negative
Study drug administration discontinued based on benefit-risk profile.	Negative
"Based on the data and observed benefit-risk profile, the trial's independent oversight committee recommended that enrollment not resume."""	Negative
Terminated: recruiting or enrolling participants has halted and will not resume because low protein diet is not feasible nor efficious.	Negative
The DSMB recommended that the study be stopped as a result of concerns regarding safety and intolerability and insufficient evidence of efficacy.	Negative
Study stopped due to increased harm and slow progress in the intervention group.	Negative
"Due to unacceptable non-dose limiting toxicities, excessive treatment delays and limited clinical responses."""	Negative
lack of efficacy and tolerability	Negative
"&quot;Tapering doses&quot; protocol arm was not effective for treatment retention outcome."	Negative
NINDS DSMB recommended trial be terminated for futility after reviewing an interim analysis of 84 subjects.	Negative
stopped for lack of efficacy	Negative
Study has been terminated. Interim analysis results showed evidence of safety without efficacy of ODSH in patients with acute exacerbation of COPD.	Negative
No sufficient increase in plasma osmolarity by galactose (one patient included)	Negative
Results of the interim analysis suggested no significant diff between study groups.	Negative
CO Phase 2 data did not show sufficient improvement in cath opening at higher dose/concentration evaluated. Nuvelo ended further clinical dev of alfimeprase.	Negative
Efficacy seen in the solid tumour patient population was not sufficient to continue research with AZD1152 monotherapy in solid tumors at that time.	Negative
Efficacy was not cleared at US study	Negative
The biological effect seen with natalizumab was not sufficient to warrant further development in RA.	Negative
AML assessment of response in the Part B patients (9) find treatment failure in all instances.	Negative
Results of interim analysis indicate lack of efficacy when compared to placebo.	Negative
test drug showed lack of benefit at interim analysis	Negative
A preliminary analysis of 11 patients confirmed the safety profile of NCX-1000 but did not demonstrate the efficacy required.	Negative
the study was halted after the first interim analysis as there were significantly more patients who recovered at one month in the control arm	Negative
Study stopped due to lack of efficacy.	Negative
results did not show intervention was beneficial	Negative
Study terminated due to no apparent benefit.	Negative
lack of efficacy	Negative
The hypothesis that probiotics would reduce hepatic steatosis in humans was not supported	Negative
The study had failed to meet the primary objective of tumor response rate at 12 weeks from first dose.	Negative
Terminated due to lack of efficacy	Negative
Limited viral load reduction in HCV subjects	Negative
Primary efficacy analysis at Week 24 did not demonstrate non-inferiority of raltegravir versus lopinavir (+) ritonavir	Negative
Results inconclusive	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
"Enrollment suspended based upon interim analysis; subjects allowed to stay on study until disease progression."	Negative
Intervention did not appear to be effective in most enrolled patients.	Negative
"6 month vital status report not collected after 28 day follow up analysis indicated no difference between placebo &amp; tezosentan"	Negative
"Interim analysis, infliximab did not reduce number of first relapses in GCA or cumulative glucocorticosteroid dosage"""	Negative
The tested combination was ineffective.	Negative
Interim analysis showed no difference in outcome between treatment groups.	Negative
Efficacy was not cleared at US study	Negative
"No difference in protein excretion at 6&amp;12 months. No safety issues."	Negative
interim analysis suggested no differences with whole sample	Negative
An interim data analysis found no significant difference between testing groups.	Negative
Sufficient evidence of efficacy not met. Discontinuation not based on any safety concerns.	Negative
Efficacy rates did not show large enough differences between treatments	Negative
Decision to terminate recruitment on this study was based on lack of efficacy observed to date	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
Carisbamate partial onset seizures studies lacked consistent efficacy data so trials in this indication were terminated.	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
The doses were not effective in maintaining testosterone suppression	Negative
AVE5530 in hypercholesterolemia was stopped due to insufficient efficacy	Negative
Efficacy not evident in this population.	Negative
Study stopped due to lack of efficacy.	Negative
Time to engraftment would not be improved compared to historical controls.	Negative
Interim analysis showed inadequate efficacy of bifeprunox	Negative
Sponsor's decision due to absence of demonstration of efficacy of volinanserin in primary insomnia with predominant sleep maintenance problems	Negative
Study stopped due to lack of efficacy.	Negative
primary efficacy analysis at Week 24 did not demonstrate non-inferiority of raltegravir versus lopinavir (+) ritonavir	Negative
The major and primary reason for the study termination is the observed reduced efficacy of CellCept compared to placebo.	Negative
"we have seen little, if any, improved benefit of using 577 as opposed to 595 nm."""	Negative
The stopping rule was applied because of low response rates.	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
Protocol pre-specified interim analysis showed that difference between groups was too small to reach significance.	Negative
Interim Analysis result indicated the study will not show a significant benefit of the study medication on the primary endpoint.	Negative
The planned enrollment was 130 patients and the study was halted prematurely due to lack of efficacy in both arms. Enrolled patients continued treatment.	Negative
Study stopped due to lack of efficacy.	Negative
An interim analysis showed that nitric oxide patches are not enough effective	Negative
"After year 1, there was insufficient statistical power to detect a difference in the primary outcome measure during planned study period."""	Negative
Interim analysis showed inadequate efficacy of bifeprunox	Negative
Dose levels were determined to be subtherapeutic	Negative
ITF2357 (Givinostat) was well tollerated but had limited activity against refractory/relapsed HL	Negative
Sufficient evidence of efficacy not met. Discontinuation not based on any safety concerns.	Negative
"Based on an interim data review, the DSMB concluded that the vaccine cannot be shown in this trial to prevent HIV infection or affect the course of the disease."""	Negative
AVE5530 in hypercholesterolemia was stopped due to insufficient efficacy	Negative
The 001 trial did not show benefit versus placebo	Negative
Insufficient evidence of the clinical effectiveness of cangrelor	Negative
The buccal arm of the study was 30% less effecrtive in stopping seizures within 10 minutes compared with the IV dose. This met a stoppimg rule for the study	Negative
lack of effectiveness	Negative
"The compound has a benign safety profile with short-term use, clinically sig efficacy responses have not been demonstrated, or if so, have not been sustained."""	Negative
Projected neutral significance for primary composite efficacy endpoint.	Negative
lack of efficacy	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
Experimental arm (induction + low dose tacrolimus) not effective.	Negative
Due to lack of sufficient efficacy.	Negative
ganaxolone did not significantly reduce spasms after an 8-day placebo control period	Negative
Sufficient evidence of efficacy not met. Discontinuation not based on any safety concerns.	Negative
Interim analysis showed no drug efficacy.	Negative
Interim data analysis showed no effect between treatment groups	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
Sponsor's decision due to absence of demonstration of efficacy of volinanserin in primary insomnia with predominant sleep maintenance problems	Negative
Lack of efficacy following an interim analysis	Negative
interim review of the data indicated that the hypothesis put forth on the efficacy of a 3 day regimen was not met.	Negative
Study stopped due to lack of efficacy.	Negative
"DSMB reviewed data of 1st 10 subjects; determined no safety concerns. Efficacy as a single agent in this patient population was unlikely. Voluntary Termination"	Negative
Lack of Efficacy.	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
Withdrawn as early analysis indicated stereotactic radiosurgery not as beneficial post-op as pre-op	Negative
stopped after planned interim analysis for lack of efficacy	Negative
Study terminated due to lack of response at the first efficacy analysis	Negative
"This study is being discontinued based on data suggesting that none of the doses tested demonstrated both glycemic &amp; body fluid benefits vs. the comparitor"	Negative
Insuficient clinical activity.	Negative
Preliminary data showed no survival benefit in the GV1001 group compared to the gemcitabine group.	Negative
lack of efficacy (intermediate analysis)	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
"In the intermediate analysis, no effect could be shown, not even a tendency."""	Negative
No clinical significant	Negative
We determined that the results would not be worth reporting.	Negative
Lack of Efficacy	Negative
Following a pre-specified interim analysis and Data Monitoring Committee recommendation due to insufficient level of efficacy	Negative
Study was stopped because of ineffectiveness of one investigated Drug	Negative
lack of efficacy of the prednisone/placebo	Negative
Preliminary data showed [123I] MNI-308 not a useful tool in detection of AD.	Negative
due to absence of evidence of clinical activity up to toxic doses	Negative
The biological effect seen with natalizumab was not sufficient to warrant further development in RA.	Negative
Treatment ineffective	Negative
Implantation rate significantly lower in treatment group than Controls.	Negative
Non significative preliminary data	Negative
SP arms were stopped due to high levels of treatment failure.CD not available.	Negative
In accordance with protocol's predefined criteria and Data Monitoring Committee recommendation due to insufficient level of efficacy	Negative
The study was discontinued after the completion of dose escalation due to minimal preliminary biological and clinical activity	Negative
This study was stopped prematurely due to lack of efficacy.	Negative
AVE5530 in hypercholesterolemia was stopped due to insufficient efficacy	Negative
Study was stopped after pre-definied interim analysis because of no effects	Negative
The decision to terminate was completely related to efficacy and there were no safety concerns.	Negative
Not reached the statistical hypothesis at the interim analysis	Negative
Insufficient evidence of the clinical effectiveness of cangrelor	Negative
This study has been withdrawn because the drug would not meet trial criteria for efficacy	Negative
Failure to demonstrate a tolerable dose that had potential for efficacy.	Negative
This pivotal trial and one conducted in Europe did not meet the primary efficacy endpoint for the double blind phase.	Negative
lack of efficacy	Negative
Due to efficacy results of interim analysis	Negative
primary efficacy endpoint not attainable.	Negative
The study was discontinued after the first 10 patients because of discouraging results.	Negative
We did not see any effect of Palifermin on benign or malignant tumor growth	Negative
"Based on an interim data review, the DSMB concluded that the vaccine cannot be shown in this trial to prevent HIV infection or affect the course of the disease."""	Negative
Lack of efficacy	Negative
AVE5530 in hypercholesterolemia was stopped due to insufficient efficacy	Negative
Poor recruitment and change in development strategy	Insufficient Enrollment
slow enrollment and change in product development strategy	Insufficient Enrollment
"low accrual; loss of funding"	Insufficient Enrollment
"Low Accrual, Funding"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor accrual/lack of funding	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped due to poor accrual and lack of funding.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Poor recruitment; study design not appropriate any longer."	Insufficient Enrollment
poor accrual and response less than expected on interim analysis	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment and due to personnel change there was no viable way to quantify glycine levels through imaging	Insufficient Enrollment
Combination of departure of Investigator from one site and slow recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Dr. Vindas completed his fellowship + low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
No subjects enrolled and PI went to another facility	Insufficient Enrollment
difficult enrollment after the primary investigator left the centre	Insufficient Enrollment
"Inadequate number of records screened; primary investigator left institution."	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment was too slow and principal investigator moved to another country	Insufficient Enrollment
early termination due to loss of interest and low enrollment of patient	Insufficient Enrollment
Zero accrual and failure to generate multicenter interest.	Insufficient Enrollment
Main objective of study was met. Further recruitment was difficult.	Insufficient Enrollment
The trial was terminated on May 2008 after inclusion of 10 patients due to low recruitment and patient compliance.	Insufficient Enrollment
due to recruitment problems / based on recommendation of Independent Review Board	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment and treatments beyond expiry date	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow accrual; drug availability"	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment in a reasonable time + expiration of study medication	Insufficient Enrollment
We were unable to enroll a sufficient number of patients due to manpower.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unexpected difficult recruitment. Study drug expired	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated October 2009 (in 4th year) due to low enrollment and anticipated drug expiration November 2009.	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to difficulties with finding sites and subjects willing to participate.	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment very difficult. Study drug expired so we have stopped the study.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow recruitment; Study did not address safety concern raised by European Medicines Agency"	Insufficient Enrollment
Exploratory study proactively terminated by Roche after slow enrollment due to concerns regarding the CV safety profile of TZDs in patients with symptomatic CHF	Insufficient Enrollment
"Following an SAE, study was put on hold. After performing preclinical follow-up studies, volunteers were no longer available for continuation."""	Insufficient Enrollment
"Low patient enrollment; toxicities"	Insufficient Enrollment
"Terminated by sponsor due to low enrollment; see details below"	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated by the sponser due to low study enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Few subjects recruited, sponsor withdrew support."""	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was closed early due to slow patient accrual and sponsor's withdrawal of support.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate retention of GHD adults to maintain power to study the effect of GH on fibrinolysis. A comparison between GHD adults and controls was completed.	Insufficient Enrollment
Further evaluation determined it was not feasible to enroll the post-partum tubal ligation group at our facility	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment due to multiple screen failures	Insufficient Enrollment
"logistic reasons, patients could not be recruited"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor patient enrollment due to logistical issues.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor patient enrollment due to logistical issues	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor accrual and lack of feasibility	Insufficient Enrollment
"not enough patients to e recruited, problems with the conductance catheter"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor patient enrollment due to logistical issues	Insufficient Enrollment
Achieving site readiness and enrolling the trial within a reasonable time	Insufficient Enrollment
Very slow enrollment.Study entry criteria not in line w/local standards of care	Insufficient Enrollment
"Withdrawn because there were no dramatic changes in the main endpoint, as well as low enrollment numbers. The data are not interpretable in terms of efficacy."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Not reaching recruitment and endpoint goals	Insufficient Enrollment
Multiparas study terminated due to poor recruitment. Randomization revealed only after decision recorded on clinicaltrials.gov	Insufficient Enrollment
"The study was terminated on June 22, 2007 for inability to enroll patients within an appropriate timeframe. There were no efficacy/safety concerns."""	Insufficient Enrollment
"This study was terminated on November 20, 2003 because of poor recruitment. This study was not terminated due to safety/efficacy."""	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped due to low subject enrollment. No safety issue or other concern factored into this decision.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment has been terminated due to a slow rate of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
terminated due to inability to recruit subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow accrual, study terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Due to specimen collection difficulties; this study has been terminated"	Insufficient Enrollment
Low Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to lack of patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accruals	Insufficient Enrollment
Low participant accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Prior to recruitment, study terminated lack of recruitment interest."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
The study population is smaller than expected. No subjects were included.	Insufficient Enrollment
low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Subject recruitment was slow, so enrollment has been closed."""	Insufficient Enrollment
low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
not enough enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
subject enrollment goals not met	Insufficient Enrollment
low patient number after 2 years recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to lack of study participants	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty in recruting patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment was suboptimal	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The exclusion criteria were stringent and enrollment was slow.	Insufficient Enrollment
patients with neurological disease not included	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty finding the required patient population	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed to Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
terminated due to lack of accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Not enough recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment to justify keeping open.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped because of disappointing inclusion rates	Insufficient Enrollment
low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to poor accrual of the study	Insufficient Enrollment
Low levels of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Tightly defined inclusion criteria were making recruitment very slow.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Subjects declined enrollment; sponsor/PI elected to close study."	Insufficient Enrollment
The trial was stopped earlier than planned because of the slow accrual rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrolment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of subject enrollment over the past two years.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unsatisfactory enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped due to lack of elegible patient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty finding the required patient population	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
failure to accrue	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to recruit in time a sufficient number of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment decreased sample size No unexpected safety issues.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Trial prematurely discontinued due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to slow accrual of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was discontinued prematurely on 25 February 2008 due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patients compatible with the protocol__s criteria	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment/participants	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to successfully recruit subjects to this study.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient subject enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruiting took longer than expected due to a lack of eligible patients (very strong inclusion and exclusion criterias)	Insufficient Enrollment
Failure to Recruit in a Timely manner	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was discontinued prematurely on December 18 2008 due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
recruitment goals met	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was prematurely terminated because of slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
"The study was prematurely terminated, due to difficulties in the recruitment of T2DM patients who are not under statin therapy at inclusion."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment goals could not be met.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate eligible subjects to expect sufficient numbers to analyse outcomes.	Insufficient Enrollment
rate of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped due to poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to recruit	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate number of eligible patients	Insufficient Enrollment
No Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit adaquate number of GHB dependent subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit participants	Insufficient Enrollment
due to poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty with accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated because of poor enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unforeseen difficulty identifying and enrolling eligible subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
enrollment insufficient: lack of motivated patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Study halted due to low recruitment. The 3 participants at time of termination transferred into study P04538 (NCT00727077). See NCT00727077 for details/results.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Due to failure to control sufficient patients in the active arm, this study has now been closed."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Study subject enrollment difficulties	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty in recruiting subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
problem of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Study funding was withdrawn by the sponsor following agreement that slow patient recruitment warranted a new approach.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unsufficient referrals for recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
no eligible patients can be found	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit necessary sample size	Insufficient Enrollment
decision to stop the study because of enrollment difficulties.	Insufficient Enrollment
Low enrollment rates	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed due to insufficient recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to recruit required number of subjects.	Insufficient Enrollment
36 cases were included and the 4 centers and they are unable to increase their recruitment to obtain the 400 cases necessary to reach statistical significance.	Insufficient Enrollment
Registration is less	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment Goal of 20 Not Met	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment challenges	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
No recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Discontinued due to non-enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
low patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed due to lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Patient recruitment was not sufficient to achieve the needed patient numbers.	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Lack of accrual, study closed."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit any subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Sponsor terminated study early due to limited enrollment and follow-up.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
inadequate recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Stopped early due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated because it was not enrolling at the expected rate	Insufficient Enrollment
It is too difficult to recruit suitable patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"According to the study design, in the first step the number of responses was lower than the number required (&lt; 7)."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Study was closed June 23, 2008 due to low enrollment."""	Insufficient Enrollment
low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study closed. Difficult enrollment of patients with prostatitis.	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment was taking longer than originally anticipated.	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual rate	Insufficient Enrollment
No enrollment because of war in the study country.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn for poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Study suspended due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated early due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment difficulties	Insufficient Enrollment
This trial discontinued on 2 May 2008 due to lack of enrolment	Insufficient Enrollment
"New enrollment has been suspended, currently following previously enrolled participants"""	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Trial is currently suspended to enrollment by study sponsor due to slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
This trial discontinued on 30 JUN 2006 due to a lack of enrolment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study has been halted prematurely due to a low recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated due to lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment rate was too slow.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Difficulty finding eligible sites/patients; current situation in health policy cause negative effect on existing/planned contracts for integrated care program"	Insufficient Enrollment
"due to very low recruitment. For this reason, there will be no further analysis and reporting of this study."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulties with enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
poor enrolment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty recruiting subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
recruitment failed	Insufficient Enrollment
slow a accrul due to many competitive trials.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty in achieving target enrollment numbers	Insufficient Enrollment
lacking recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"No patients registered; study terminated."	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow accrual, study terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
due to slow recruitment of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated due to lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty enrolling eligible subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Very low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low/slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Poor recruitment &amp; not feasible to continue"	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient number of eligible subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Failure to recruit due to polypharmacy	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patient recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrural to study.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Higher drop out than expected. Lower Statistical Power.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated due to poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Because of unexpectedly reduced disease prevalence in the study area, a pragmatic decision was taken to terminate recruitment in March 2003."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment by invitation only	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment and through put	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment slower than expected	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated early due to slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment of study patients	Insufficient Enrollment
difficult to recruit subject	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulties in recruiting enough subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Numbe of eligible patients has been decreased over time.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
No patients enrolled. Study did not start.	Insufficient Enrollment
very slow recruitment and treatments beyond expiry date	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terimnated - low rate of cases	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped early due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Subjects were not recruited as intended.	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment in spite of strategies implemented	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
number of enrolled individuals after 5 years still off the estimated sample size	Insufficient Enrollment
It has been impossible to achieve the number of patients defined by protocol	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Very low recruitement rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
suboptimal enrollment after 18 months.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment issues	Insufficient Enrollment
Study enrollment significantly below protocol expectations	Insufficient Enrollment
extremely slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Patient target could not be reached within the planned timeframe.	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment goals not met	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed due to futility with only 1 patient accrued	Insufficient Enrollment
Low Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficult recruitment -	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Subject Recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient response rate	Insufficient Enrollment
temporarily closed (paused to accrual)	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Efforts at recruitment have halted as recruitment was poor.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study is prematurely ended due to poor patient recruitment rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to enroll subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed for lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The patient population was not enough to complete enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low Accural	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of study subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to enroll subjects.	Insufficient Enrollment
Too few patients completed the study once enrolled.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study is withdrawn due to unavailability of eligible subject population. We will request the sponsors to extend the time for enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to poor accrual of the study	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Not able to recruit the estimated number of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of feasibility due to low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to enrol enough people to achieve the full sample size	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient patient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to poor accrual after enrolling 62 of planned 300 patients in 20 months.	Insufficient Enrollment
Dissatisfactory enrollment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to a lack of IP supply and then terminated because they were combined into one new study with the new IP formulation.	Insufficient Enrollment
patient's recruitment too difficult	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to low recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
No enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped due to insufficient recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Failure to recruit patients with membranous lupus nephritis not previously treated with azathioprine .	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Accrual goal for interventional part not achievable	Insufficient Enrollment
low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
recruiting or enrolling participants has halted prematurely and will not resume	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient numbers of eligible patients as laparscopic surgery increased and open surgery decreased.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulties in recruiting patients	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to find subjects meeting inclusion criteria	Insufficient Enrollment
Limited numbers of patients qualified for trial	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to slow recruitment and a significant delay in reaching the recruitment target.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Difficulties of recruitment, lack of elligible patients"""	Insufficient Enrollment
The decision of terminate the study was reached due to difficulties surrounding recruitment and enrollment of subjects since the inception of the study.	Insufficient Enrollment
There is no possibility to reach the target patient number within the set time frame	Insufficient Enrollment
low recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Inclusion rate too low due to a lack of eligible patients and difficulties obtaining informed consent.	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated early due to lack of adequate enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty finding the required subject population	Insufficient Enrollment
Study suspended due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty in recruiting patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unfortunately we had unforeseen difficulty recruiting to this study. Therefore we have decided to halt the study and not publish the results.	Insufficient Enrollment
"DSMC acknowledged no safety concerns with the trial, recommending that the trial be terminated due to slow enrollment."""	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of eligible patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Part B of the study was terminated early due to a lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
closed to accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficult enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
study closed to accrual due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
early termination due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to inadequate recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped prematurally due to low recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to no accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to attain sufficient numbers of subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
recruitment failure	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped due to poor enrollment numbers	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment goals unable to be reached.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped due to slow enrollment after enrolling only 9 of 80 patients over 14 months time.	Insufficient Enrollment
Site did not recruit any patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment closed	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
The 2008-09 North American peak influenza season ended prior to study completion.	Insufficient Enrollment
To difficult to recruit patients in the acute setting	Insufficient Enrollment
recommended by DSMB due to lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Study enrollment significantly below protocol expectation	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Due to difficult enrollment, and investigator agreed to terminate this study."""	Insufficient Enrollment
"Low rate of patient recruitment; low likelihood of achieving the sample size in a reasonable time frame. No safety concerns."	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit any subjects for this study	Insufficient Enrollment
Third dose group not recruited due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to poor patient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to poor enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
This study has closed to accrual early due to slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was stopped prematurely due to poor recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
failure of recruiting a sufficient number of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
additional enrolment criteria made patients' recruitment not feasible anymore	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient enrollment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was discontinued prematurely on 10AUG2009 due to low recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
enrollment difficult due to inclusion/exclusion criteria/protocol requirements	Insufficient Enrollment
"No participants enrolled, study terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment was too difficult	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Subject population not available.	Insufficient Enrollment
poor patient recrutment	Insufficient Enrollment
no actual patients recruited within year 1 after ethical committee approval	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit into the study	Insufficient Enrollment
Protocol is withdrawn due to inadequate accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated due to poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Mutual decision by site and sponsor because of difficulty recruiting Patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow accrual; study terminated."	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Very poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment issues	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of study population	Insufficient Enrollment
no recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated early due to poor recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
recruiting problems	Insufficient Enrollment
No patients recruited into study.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty to include patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment below goal.	Insufficient Enrollment
This study put on inactive status due to no identifiable subjects to enter the protocol.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficualty in recruiting patients	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Too few inclusions	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment discontinued after second cohort completed.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Increased use of commercial product; less eligible patients &amp; poor enrollment."	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to difficult patient enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated early due to poor subject enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
no patient was recruited till 1/2008	Insufficient Enrollment
poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Impossibility to accomplish the sample size in assigned time.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
The trial was ended per sponsor due to slow accrual rates.	Insufficient Enrollment
No subjects enrolled	Insufficient Enrollment
no accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment was too low.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow recruitment, stopped after 4 years"""	Insufficient Enrollment
lower than anticipated accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
feasibility and low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor/low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
couldn't recruit patients	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was prematurely terminated (26 June 2009) due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
enrollment criteria not met by PI patient population	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual than anticipated.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Discontinued due to incomplete recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Problems with patient recruitement	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Abnormality prevalence revealed to be much lower than expected.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patients to enroll.	Insufficient Enrollment
Most pts requested to be treated with versed. It was difficult to randomize pts.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patient recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped because of insufficient enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Failed to enroll patients	Insufficient Enrollment
"No enrollment in past year, lack of interest"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped due to a lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to insufficient patient inclusion the study has been stopped prematurely.	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment was too slow	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated by the sponsor due to low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lower than anticipated recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
could not find subject population	Insufficient Enrollment
"Poor enrollment; termination not due to safety reasons."	Insufficient Enrollment
"After utilizing all available recruitment resources, it was determined that the recruitment goal for the study could not be achieved"""	Insufficient Enrollment
"This study was terminated due to slow enrollment, despite protocol amendments to change the entrance criteria."""	Insufficient Enrollment
No enrolement	Insufficient Enrollment
"Only one patient included as per Feb. 4, 2008."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty in recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Stopped early due to inability to recruit full 100 subjects over 2 years	Insufficient Enrollment
Problems with accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low enrollment due to the stringent enrollment criteria. Unable to answer study questions	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated because it is very difficult to recruit more patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn - due to lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to no accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment was slower than anticipated.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to no patient enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study closed due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Changes in treatment paradigm resulted in a lower than expected rate of accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
No patients enrolled after three years	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Efforts at recruitment have halted as recruitment was poor	Insufficient Enrollment
low patient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty in recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Did not reach enrollment goals	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
the study was terminated because of slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study enrollment was stopped due to insufficient subject accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty recruiting (early discharge scheme initiated)	Insufficient Enrollment
closed due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
It was stopped due to a lack of recruitment after 48 patients included	Insufficient Enrollment
Anticipated number of patients not achieved. All Patients recruited in the study completed all study visits.	Insufficient Enrollment
Sponsor stopped due to difficulties to recruit 130 patients required by protocol	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Due to poor enrollment, this study was terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual. No data analyzed.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to low subject accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment too difficult	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated because of an inability to enroll.	Insufficient Enrollment
closed to enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
difficult to enroll subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow patient enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Suitable subjects could not be recruited within the estimated time frame and via the objected ways of recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Patient population not available	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn because study never opened to accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Very difficult to recruit patients/slow recruitment(2 patients in nearly 2 years).	Insufficient Enrollment
only one patient enrolled	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Not enough recruitment during the proposed period.	Insufficient Enrollment
The sponsor decided to terminate the study due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
After 1 year only 2 subjects enrolled and treated thus no meaningful efficacy analyses could be performed.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated early due to slow patient accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated Chikungunya diseases has regressed and no more patients was suffering	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated early because of slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
no patients could be recruited	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to difficulty in patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment problematic	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
recruitment issues	Insufficient Enrollment
"Study accrual rate is very slow, it was mandated by NCI to be terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
No patients could be recruited and randomized due to other center offering backdoor for treatment.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to lack of malaria patients in Zanzibar the study has been suspended.	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment was very slow.	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to recruit	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accural	Insufficient Enrollment
Because only a few patients follow the inclusion and exclusion criteria.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped early due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to insufficient subject participation	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was discontinued because of high drop out rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
Accrual problems	Insufficient Enrollment
Could not recruit any more people.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
No subject meeting criteria	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
primary site withdrew due to competing study: never enrolled any subjects.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Enrollement target could not be achieved, study will potentially be resumed"""	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty in recruiting subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Big difficulties to enroll patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to inadequate recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
lower than expected enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Sponsor decision because of to small enrollement	Insufficient Enrollment
non-enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
no patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Low accrual, study terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty of recrutement	Insufficient Enrollment
study terminated 12Feb09 due to low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit enough patients to continue on with the study.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty obtaining enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
decreasing rate of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to limited enrollment and follow up.	Insufficient Enrollment
No study population in Mexico (H1N1). Study withdrawn from IRB consideration.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to a considerably lower recruitment rate than anticipated	Insufficient Enrollment
slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment too slow. Number of eligible patients probably to low. Patients enrolled and/or in follow-up will be followed up in the Valeo study.	Insufficient Enrollment
inadequate recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
This decision was made based on the slow recruitment and high discontinuation rates in the study.	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty in patients's inclusion	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Because of slow recruitment; Despite the study was started long time ago (Oct 2004), we have not reached the projected number of patients (150 patients)"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment to the trial.Very difficult popultion to recruit.	Insufficient Enrollment
inadequate number of enrolled study subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of patient population - slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Trial was stopped early due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"No safety concerns, the study was terminated due to slow enrollment. All enrolled patients will be followed per protocol."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor/low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"One participant enrolled, study terminated ."""	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated early in May 2006 due to low patient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"terminated, due to lack enrollment,"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulties in finding enough study participants.	Insufficient Enrollment
low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual rate.	Insufficient Enrollment
no eligible patient	Insufficient Enrollment
There are not enough patients enrolled.	Insufficient Enrollment
the study was early terminated due to lack of recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped due to slow enrollment after enrolling 25 of 200 patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to the inability to enroll subjects.	Insufficient Enrollment
poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to recruit required sample size.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study has been terminated due to poor accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficient recruitment/enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
failed recruitment efforts	Insufficient Enrollment
"Recruitment behind plan, no increase expected"""	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped because of an inadequate rate of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit target enrollment numbers	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment in study could not be reached after 8 yrs of recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to enroll	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
no enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study closed due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient rate of volunteer accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"No longer enrolling patients, not enough enrollment"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was stopped due to difficulty in patient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient subject availability/findings for data analysis	Insufficient Enrollment
accrual rate	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped early due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Trial was stopped due to slow recruitment. There were no safety concerns in the trial.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated for lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment difficulties	Insufficient Enrollment
inadequate enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
From Sept./08 to April/09 only 30 subjects were recruited. It has proved extremely difficult to recruit subjects.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to enroll into study.	Insufficient Enrollment
terminated due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
study withdrawn due to lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Two participants enrolled, both inevaluable."""	Insufficient Enrollment
7% enrollment. Study terminated after a small number of recruited patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to the slow rate of recruitment the study was stopped.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
not enough patients meeting inclusion criteria	Insufficient Enrollment
not enough enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low patient enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Due to poor patient recruitment, a decision was made to terminate this trial."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit subjects in the Turkey site.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment [HIGH SCREEN FAILURE RATE]	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate recruitment to meet completion date	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient patients who met inclusion criteria	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty finding eligible sites/patients:current situation in health policy cause negative effects on existing/planned contracts for integrated care programs	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study has been terminated because too few patients have been recruited	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
"Recruitment to slow, most patients to well for treatment"""	Insufficient Enrollment
The NHLBI BSMB recommended closure due to poor enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to meet subject enrollment goal.	Insufficient Enrollment
Discontinued due to non-enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to lack of eligible patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Subject accrual was prematurely terminated due slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"No eligible patients were found, the study stopped without including any patients"""	Insufficient Enrollment
Study stopped prematurely due to enrolment challenges.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty with enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
No patients had been accrued.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment status	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to limited pool of eligble WNV patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Low patient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of subject population for PI	Insufficient Enrollment
Termination due to poor accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty enrolling eligible subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulties for including diabetic patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Study has been terminated due low recruitment of participant population.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty recruiting eligible patients in timely fashion	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Sponsor stopped due to difficulties to recruit 402 patients required by protocol	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Issues w/recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
there is a problem in recruting the paricipents	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
no patient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was not initiated and has been withdrawn due to lack of appropriate cases	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of new patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate accrural rates	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated early due to difficulties in subject recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
insufficent enrolement	Insufficient Enrollment
Low study enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accruals	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was prematurely terminated due to slow enrollment beyond the planned study timelines.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was closed due to extremely low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
for lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Prespecified no. of patients could not be accomplished within 18 months	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped for slow enrollment after enrolling only 11 of 180 patients in six months time.	Insufficient Enrollment
It was very difficult to enroll patients in this study.	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was discontinued prematurely at the end of March 2007 due to slow enrolment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Difficulty in accrual of study subjects, small numbers of potential subjects"""	Insufficient Enrollment
it was not possible to recruit new patients anymore	Insufficient Enrollment
"Unable to meet enrollment number to complete study, study stopped June 30, 2007"""	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to enroll subjects into the study	Insufficient Enrollment
The enrollment is slower than expected	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty in recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrural	Insufficient Enrollment
recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor trial recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"No responses, study terminated early."""	Insufficient Enrollment
"Recruitment problems; insufficient number of new recruits"	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
The clinical study has been terminated based on difficulties to enroll eligible subjects per protocol inclusion and exclusion criteria.	Insufficient Enrollment
Accrual was suboptimal and increasing the number of patients was not feasible.	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of participants fulfilling inclusion criteria	Insufficient Enrollment
Reduced access to AchEI medication-naive mild AD patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
Sluggish enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Limited number of subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to complete enrollment due lack of family interest.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was closed because of lack of enrollment at all study centers due to challenges in this patient population.	Insufficient Enrollment
too few patients included	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated early due to poor recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study cancelled because recruitment rate was too slow	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated early due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment slow	Insufficient Enrollment
slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment: Insufficient number of patients eligible for enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study closed to accrual due unfavorable interim analysis	Insufficient Enrollment
a lack of a potential patient.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient subject accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of enrolment	Insufficient Enrollment
Sponsor decided to terminate the project due to low multi-center enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
due to low study enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Inclusion-rate does not seem feasible anymore to obtain te required number of patients before the end of the trial.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study proved difficult to recruit	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit subjects into the trial.	Insufficient Enrollment
the study is withdrawn due to low and unexpected enrollment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow enrollment; study terminated."	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was cancelled due to lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
"Low accrual, no adverse events."""	Insufficient Enrollment
the study stopped because we could not recruit enough patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
No participants satisfied eligibility criteria and were enrolled into the study since July 2008.	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
low enrolment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Low acrual	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to no accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment targets were unachievable in the currently available population.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
low enrollling	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty obtaining enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study closed due to insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was stopped due to slow accrual of patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment challenges prohibited study progression.	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low inclusion rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Low overall response rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was withdrawn due to lack of an appropriate patient population. No screened patients met inclusion and exclusion criteria.	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to poor accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Accrual has been very slow. We are currently determining whether or not to keep the trial going as is or to close the trial and write a new protocol.	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruiting problems	Insufficient Enrollment
Low Accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
"Due to decrease in Avaulta mesh kit usage &amp; inability to recruit study subjects."	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Negative feasibility assessment of recruiting the planned number of subjects within the study timelines	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
patients with inflammatory colitis not included	Insufficient Enrollment
The study had poor enrollment with only 16 patients randomized across 19 study centers over an 18-month period.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Terminated due to lack of accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruiting status	Insufficient Enrollment
No eligible patient.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment and high dropout rates	Insufficient Enrollment
Low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
difficulty of enrolling patients	Insufficient Enrollment
no recruited patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient study participants	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Did not meet enrollment goals	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Abandoned due to lack of recruitment Oct 2006	Insufficient Enrollment
Problems of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit enough subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitment difficulties	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient participants.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to low subject enrollment. Safety results consistent with product label.	Insufficient Enrollment
High number of screen failures-could not find qualified subjects in timely manner	Insufficient Enrollment
No subject accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to lack of enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
terminated due to very low recruitment rate (27 June 2006)	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was early terminated due to slow and difficult recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
no enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The trial was terminated because of difficulties in recruitement.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was discontinued due to lack of accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Closed due to insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient patient enrolled	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped prematurely due to insufficient recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated after 9 subjects completed due to lack of enrollment for 6 months	Insufficient Enrollment
The recruitment rate slowed considerably	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
closed to accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor patient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
poor enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment into study was slower than expected.	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to recruit patients for study	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Trial was stopped early due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped as no patient asked to participate was prepared to do so	Insufficient Enrollment
"Study terminated due to declining enrollment; data analysis proceeding."	Insufficient Enrollment
"Unable to recruit large enough sample; large expectancy effects; No adverse events recorded; results uninformative with respect to efficacy"	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
"No participants recruited, study discontinued."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Study has been terminated due to lack of accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Did not meet accrual goals.	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to recruit patients	Insufficient Enrollment
Study recruitment very slow.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study is withdrawn due to unavailability of eligible subject population. We will request the sponsors to extend the time for enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slower than anticipated enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Low Recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow Enrolling	Insufficient Enrollment
"Patients not meeting inclusion criteria, therefore recruitment rate low, terminated due to the lack of feasibility to complete the study in a timely manner."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Study closed due to recruitment challenges.	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was stopped due to slow enrollment after enrolling only 12 of 80 patients over 14 months time.	Insufficient Enrollment
This study was terminated early in April 2005 due to low patient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
No eligible candidates in 2 years of recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment was difficult	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Inadequate Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Recruitement was much slower than anticipated.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
low recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to enroll subjects	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
study terminated due to lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The number of the anticipated participants was not achieved	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to no patient enrollment this study was withdrawn/closed	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped early due to slow enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to meet enrollment numbers	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to meet recruitment and enrollment goals	Insufficient Enrollment
Withdrawn due to slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
No eligible patients were identified so the study was terminated.	Insufficient Enrollment
Temporarily closed to patient accrual per protocol design.	Insufficient Enrollment
Unable to recruit sufficient numbers of patients.	Insufficient Enrollment
Slow accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
unable to enroll patient population	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to slow participant accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
The study has been stopped because of the lack of enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
No accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
slow accrual for Cohort II	Insufficient Enrollment
The recruitment rate was much slower than expected.	Insufficient Enrollment
it was not possible to recruit any patient in the study	Insufficient Enrollment
Very low recruitment rate	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient subject recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Inability to recruit sufficient number of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
"Slow accrual, study terminated."""	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulty recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was stopped due to slow enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Trial discontinued due to low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
The study was terminated due to too slow recruitment	Insufficient Enrollment
Insufficient Enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study terminated due to insufficient enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor enrollment and infeasibility of ever reaching the necessary sample size	Insufficient Enrollment
Sluggish enrollment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Study discontinued due to poor accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
No accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
conduct (recruitment) not feasible within timeframe	Insufficient Enrollment
Enrollment not initiated for study.	Insufficient Enrollment
Poor recruitment of fast and slow acetylators	Insufficient Enrollment
Low accrual.	Insufficient Enrollment
Failure to recruit sufficient participants.	Insufficient Enrollment
Patients' enrollment was not sufficient.	Insufficient Enrollment
It was not possible to recruit enough patients with obstructive sleep apnea.	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patient accrual	Insufficient Enrollment
Due to slow recruitment and a delay in reaching the recruitment target.	Insufficient Enrollment
no patient recruiting	Insufficient Enrollment
lack of recrutment	Insufficient Enrollment
Lack of patients	Insufficient Enrollment
The DSMB supported termination of the trial due to slow recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
low enrollment	Insufficient Enrollment
Study was terminated early due to slow recruitment.	Insufficient Enrollment
Difficulties in recruitment - will require longer time to achieve sample size	Insufficient Enrollment
Very poor recruitment of patients to the study	Insufficient Enrollment
The results were not able to be consistantly reproduced. Thus the trial was terminated	Business_Administrative
The Co-Principal Investigator has moved and is no longer interested in continuing this study at this site.	Study_Staff_Moved
"Study delayed for over a year by research shutdown at Seattle VA and other issues. Study designer moved to Ann Arbor in the interim, so the study was closed."""	Study_Staff_Moved
withdrawn due to non-response. PI left university	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator moving to a new institution where the study will be reopened	Study_Staff_Moved
"Principal Investigator resigned position with the University of Cincinnati, closing study at this site will reopen study in new position"""	Study_Staff_Moved
Technical issues with RSA at main site and departure of Principal Investigator	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator moved to another institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
key investigator relocated.	Study_Staff_Moved
"Rami Komrokji, MD author of this protocol no longer is at the University of Cincinnati and this study has been withdrawn."""	Study_Staff_Moved
"Dr. Grose has left this practice, this study is terminated"""	Study_Staff_Moved
Recruitment suspended during PI leave X 12 months	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left site	Study_Staff_Moved
key study staff left foundation	Study_Staff_Moved
The study was closed due to the departure of several of the co-investigators.	Study_Staff_Moved
PI relocated	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
"PI is leaving, study to be restructured"""	Study_Staff_Moved
I am changing locations to Johns Hopkins Medical Center	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left Institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI is relocating geographically and will not be able to follow subjects to study completion.	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left the university.	Study_Staff_Moved
Active Duty principle investigator currently deployed	Study_Staff_Moved
PI relocated to another institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The investigators left the institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
"The PI is currently completing a fellowship out of state. Upon completion of fellowship, PI plans to continue recruitment for study."""	Study_Staff_Moved
"Principal Investigator moving out of state, no other staff to lead research."""	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left university. Did not start study	Study_Staff_Moved
"Site Principal Investigator became seriously ill, so study abandoned before the start of recruitment"""	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Dr. Milla has left University of Minnesota. The study is no longer being conducted at this site.	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator left UTHSC-Houston	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator is leaving the institution to obtain further training.	Study_Staff_Moved
This study was not conducted as the Principal Investigator left the institution	Study_Staff_Moved
Primary investigator is taking a leave of absence	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator no longer at university	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Primary Investigator resigned from hospital	Study_Staff_Moved
PI separated employment from the university.	Study_Staff_Moved
The Principal Investigator is no longer affiliated with the Study Site.	Study_Staff_Moved
This study has been withdraw from the IRB. The PI has transferred to another university. The IND was transferred.	Study_Staff_Moved
Study PI resigned	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator separating employment from University.	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left the institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator left Moffitt	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator is leaving the UMDNJ	Study_Staff_Moved
"The study chair changed his employment, the realization of the study was not possible"""	Study_Staff_Moved
Primary PI left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left the VA.	Study_Staff_Moved
Our PI left our institutions as we could not longer continue.	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator no longer at Cleveland Clinic	Study_Staff_Moved
Prinicipal Investigator separating employment from University.	Study_Staff_Moved
PI returned to India	Study_Staff_Moved
key personnel left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
Withdrawn due to transfer of Investigator	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator Resigned	Study_Staff_Moved
P.I. left the institution	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Study terminated due to withdrawl of participating co-investigators.	Study_Staff_Moved
Study terminated as principal investigator [PI] left the university.	Study_Staff_Moved
"no patients recruited, responsible physician left clinic"""	Study_Staff_Moved
PI moving to Southern Illinois University to start new protocol	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left university	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator has left the UMDNJ	Study_Staff_Moved
The PI is no longer with Kentuckiana Cancer Institute. All current subjects completed. No further subjects will be enrolled. Terminated with IRB.	Study_Staff_Moved
patel no longer at pittsburgh	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left NIH	Study_Staff_Moved
The authors finished their jobs in the hospitals where the study was begun.	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal investigator left institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Primary Investigator resigned from Hospital	Study_Staff_Moved
Leaving of the person responsible for the data collection	Study_Staff_Moved
principal Investigator left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
One of the principal investigators has moved to a different institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI health issues	Study_Staff_Moved
"Investigator left the institution, another PI has not been named."""	Study_Staff_Moved
Change to investigator's research affiliation and other employment.	Study_Staff_Moved
Study closed. PI left the institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator Retired.	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left the institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI temporarily assigned duties as trauma physician in addition to his full time clinical and surgical duties.	Study_Staff_Moved
PI change in institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The PI left the institution.	Study_Staff_Moved
Primary investigator left VA employment	Study_Staff_Moved
PI leaving institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left the institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI move	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left	Study_Staff_Moved
PI is no longer at this institution	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left U of C	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The Principal Investigator left Columbia University and chose not to re-initiate the study at new facility	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator left the institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The orthopedic surgeon that does our knee surgeries has moved to a different location.	Study_Staff_Moved
Physician is no longer associated with the Univ. of Michigan Medical Center	Study_Staff_Moved
Investigator left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The PI moved to another city and position	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator has transferred to another Institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The researcher had left the hospital and the project was stopped	Study_Staff_Moved
Illness of PI forced termination.	Study_Staff_Moved
"Clinical partner left University,"""	Study_Staff_Moved
PI left institution	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator has left the institution	Study_Staff_Moved
Dr. Holguin is relocating.	Study_Staff_Moved
The Principal Investigator left the clinic and there was no one who could take over this study.	Study_Staff_Moved
Principal Investigator left the institution before subjects were enrolled	Study_Staff_Moved
"PI left UAB; protocol administratively terminated by UAB IRB."	Study_Staff_Moved
Withdrawn per sponsor and Investigator	Business_Administrative
Both sponsor and UCSF decided this study was not clinical relevant at this time	Business_Administrative
Dr. Jorizzo has decided to withdraw from this study due to the time it is taking to get the study started.	Business_Administrative
"Aims of the study re-evaluated, did not justify allocation of resources."""	Business_Administrative
Reprioritization of study programs	Business_Administrative
no longer interest from medical community	Business_Administrative
Investigator decided to withdraw participation in the study	Business_Administrative
No further local interest in pursuing the study.	Business_Administrative
We closed the study to further enrollment based on the lack of perceived need for domperidone in this population.	Business_Administrative
"Withdrawn in October 2006, no longer of interest"""	Business_Administrative
prematurely terminated due to loss of interest	Business_Administrative
PI turned down funding.	Business_Administrative
No longer relevant for investigation	Business_Administrative
Study did not start due to investigator time constraints	Business_Administrative
Study site collaborators withdrew from participating due to time constraints.	Business_Administrative
research priority change	Business_Administrative
New research priorities	Business_Administrative
We decided that the study would not substantially add to existing contributions in the literature	Business_Administrative
Due to other projects priority	Business_Administrative
Terminated by sponsor - Single dose safety objective achieved.	Met endpoint
Closed due to achievement of primary study endpoint	Met endpoint
proof of mechanism achieved with fewer subjects than anticipated	Met endpoint
Evident advantages of one treatment (seton) over the other (Tissucol Glue)	Met endpoint
Interim analysis of the present study showed a significant decrease in mortality rate (p= 0.04) as well as in the number of days at the ICU p=0.0002.	Met endpoint
significant reduction in length of hospital stay (primary endpoint)	Met endpoint
Part A reached a predefined stopping criteria. Relevant doses for part B could not be established based on A and subsequently study was stopped.	Met endpoint
Statistical interim analysis showed valid and significant results	Met endpoint
sufficient data collected for significant conclusive results	Met endpoint
Primary (safety) endpoint reached	Met endpoint
"Interim analysis showed significant results, thus study was stopped"""	Met endpoint
interim analysis showed significant differences between two treatment groups	Met endpoint
principal criteria was achieved with the intermediate statistical analysis	Met endpoint
All of the mentioned aim and objectives were achieved before the February 2007	Met endpoint
AZD1704 has essentially similar PK profile in Japanese subjects as in Caucasians. One of the main purposes of the study has thereby been achieved.	Met endpoint
Study terminated for cGCP non-compliance. Analyses could not be performed.	Non-Compliance
Medical Monitor action due to lack of compliance with audit.	Non-Compliance
Due to PI's non-compliance with IRB requirements	Non-Compliance
The trial was terminated due to lack of compliance with GCP regulations.	Non-Compliance
Sponsor discontinued the study following the discovery of a number of incompletely sealed batches that were unusable.	Non-Compliance
Patients would not take product	Non-Compliance
Patient compliance was low.	Non-Compliance
Protocol was not feasible - only 1 of 18 enrollees completed procedures.	Non-Compliance
The trial was terminated because of deviations from the protocol.	Non-Compliance
Due to poor compliance with study drug administration.	Non-Compliance
Investigators have withdrawn study due to poor subject compliance.	Non-Compliance
protocol violation	Non-Compliance
Local pharmacy unwilling to comply with study protocol	Non-Compliance
Unable to keep patients attending yoga sessions	Non-Compliance
Poor compliance with the therapy and lot of patients were lost to follow up.	Non-Compliance
Cancelled before first patient enrolled	Invalid_Reason
The trial ended.	Invalid_Reason
No patients were enrolled in the study.	Invalid_Reason
Study never started. No patients were enrolled.	Invalid_Reason
study cancelled prior to FSI	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
Terminated: No longer recruiting.	Invalid_Reason
Study was discontinued.	Invalid_Reason
Study abandoned.	Invalid_Reason
inactive	Invalid_Reason
Study did not start.	Invalid_Reason
Suspended	Invalid_Reason
The development program has been terminated	Invalid_Reason
Study never initiated.	Invalid_Reason
as of 4/23/97	Invalid_Reason
Study was previously suspended and is now terminated	Invalid_Reason
Withdrawn as study never opened	Invalid_Reason
Terminated	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
Termination date was 20-Oct-2008. Subjects were monitored during the post treatment 90 day follow-up period (per protocol) resulting in LPLV 19-Jan-2009.	Invalid_Reason
investigator closed study	Invalid_Reason
The trial was terminated due to investigator's decision	Invalid_Reason
Project Cancelled	Invalid_Reason
Clinical Hold	Invalid_Reason
terminated by PI	Invalid_Reason
Study Cancelled before enrollment	Invalid_Reason
Study never started	Invalid_Reason
It was decided to not proceed with the study at this time.	Invalid_Reason
Research never begun.	Invalid_Reason
not progressing as anticipated	Invalid_Reason
Study has now been terminated due to changes in project strategy. Current available data will be analysed and reported in a synoptic study report.	Invalid_Reason
Study cancelled.	Invalid_Reason
Study never started. Study suspended indefinitely.	Invalid_Reason
Study ended	Invalid_Reason
Cancelled before enrollment	Invalid_Reason
Full Clinical Hold	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
Recruiting or enrolling participants has halted and will not resume	Invalid_Reason
Cancelled Before Enrollment	Invalid_Reason
The PI has determined not to continue the study.	Invalid_Reason
This study has been withdrawn prior to recruitment.	Invalid_Reason
We have decided to cancel this study.	Invalid_Reason
Program Terminated	Invalid_Reason
Study not being conducted	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
There were no subjects ever enrolled. Study was closed at the IRB.	Invalid_Reason
Study has never started	Invalid_Reason
not appropriate to carry on the study	Invalid_Reason
"Study halted prematurely, prior to enrollment of first participant."""	Invalid_Reason
Clinical Hold	Invalid_Reason
Study discontinued.	Invalid_Reason
The study never started.	Invalid_Reason
No subjects were ever enrolled. This study was closed at the IRB.	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
This study was withdrawn prior to patient enrollment	Invalid_Reason
Terminated: recruiting or enrolling participants has halted.	Invalid_Reason
Did not recruit	Invalid_Reason
"Closed, never started."""	Invalid_Reason
STUDY WAS NOT STARTED	Invalid_Reason
recruitment has been put on hold until a future date	Invalid_Reason
On Hold	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
recruiting or enrolling participants has halted prematurely but potentially will resume	Invalid_Reason
Study never started.	Invalid_Reason
PI terminating study due to personal reasons.	Invalid_Reason
never started	Invalid_Reason
Study was never opened	Invalid_Reason
Terminated	Invalid_Reason
Recruitment temporarily suspended.	Invalid_Reason
"After a discussion, we decided to withdraw the study."""	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
Recruiting or enrolling participants has halted prematurely and will not resume.	Invalid_Reason
"Study terminated by Principal Investigator; no patients completed study."	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
study was cancelled	Invalid_Reason
Study terminated prior to initiation	Invalid_Reason
Study was previously paused and is now terminated	Invalid_Reason
The whole project was terminated	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
Study terminated at UT MD Anderson Cancer Center site.	Invalid_Reason
PI wanted to discontinue study.	Invalid_Reason
terminated	Invalid_Reason
Project not initiated	Invalid_Reason
cancelled before enrollment	Invalid_Reason
Study was cancelled before patient enrollment	Invalid_Reason
terminated study	Invalid_Reason
Study is being delayed.	Invalid_Reason
PI decision	Invalid_Reason
"trial stopped on Sept 24, 2007"""	Invalid_Reason
"Study terminated early, no participants enrolled."""	Invalid_Reason
This study has been cancelled prior to enrollment.	Invalid_Reason
Study was not initiated. No subjects were screened or enrolled.	Invalid_Reason
temporarily closed (paused to accrual)	Invalid_Reason
Terminated due to reasons unrelated to safety	Invalid_Reason
No longer acruing data for this study.	Invalid_Reason
Program terminated	Invalid_Reason
"Study closed &amp; recruitment will not recommence"	Invalid_Reason
Enrollment Suspended	Invalid_Reason
Withdrawn as study has been abandoned	Invalid_Reason
cancelled before enrollment	Invalid_Reason
Recruiting or enrolling participants has halted and will not resume	Invalid_Reason
"terminated, end of the study"""	Invalid_Reason
PI decided to terminate the study at this time	Invalid_Reason
Trial stopped June 2007	Invalid_Reason
The study stopped after been paused (the patients were switched in the meantime)	Invalid_Reason
The PI has elected to terminate study at this time	Invalid_Reason
we decided not to go on treatment phase	Invalid_Reason
Due to internal reasons study was not performed.	Invalid_Reason
Terminated: We are no longer recruiting.	Invalid_Reason
not known	Invalid_Reason
"recruiting or enrolling participants has halted prematurely and will not resume; participants are no longer being examined or treated"	Invalid_Reason
Study cancelled prior to FSI	Invalid_Reason
Due to unforeseen circumstances this study will not now start.	Invalid_Reason
PI decision	Invalid_Reason
Unknown	Invalid_Reason
is finish	Invalid_Reason
PI decision	Invalid_Reason
Study not initiated	Invalid_Reason
Study terminated	Invalid_Reason
"Withdrawn: study halted prematurely, prior to enrollment of first participant"""	Invalid_Reason
unknown	Invalid_Reason
12/15/2008 Voluntarily placed on inactive status-requested by the PI	Invalid_Reason
Study closed at Mayo prior to completion	Invalid_Reason
recruitment of subjects was halted prematurely. recruiting subjects halted prematurely	Invalid_Reason
Clinical Hold	Invalid_Reason
enrolling participants stopped	Invalid_Reason
No patients ever enrolled	Invalid_Reason
"No patients enrolled; study terminated."	Invalid_Reason
The site decided to stop the study	Invalid_Reason
No longer recruiting: participants are no longer being recruited or enrolled	Invalid_Reason
"Further recruitment into the study was ceased on 10th December 2009, not attributed to safety. All patients recruited in the study completed all study visits."""	Invalid_Reason
No patients dosed	Invalid_Reason
Ended prematurely - The trial never commenced.	Invalid_Reason
The study is under hold.	Invalid_Reason
Investigator's decision:Did not open to enrollment	Invalid_Reason
"No patients enrolled; study terminated."	Invalid_Reason
The study never opened and not sure if it ever will.	Invalid_Reason
Trial cancelled	Invalid_Reason
PI decision	Invalid_Reason
End of the study	Invalid_Reason
Terminated	Invalid_Reason
Enrollment of patients has halted prematurely and will not resume. No future patients will be enrolled or treated.	Invalid_Reason
Withdrawn because protocol has been discontinued. It was never opened.	Invalid_Reason
Study Never Initiated	Invalid_Reason
study recruitment temporarily on hold	Invalid_Reason
No patients were enrolled.	Invalid_Reason
Study never started.	Invalid_Reason
NOT A CLINICAL TRIAL	Invalid_Reason
The study is not a clinical trial.	Invalid_Reason
This study is not an applicable clinical trial.	Invalid_Reason
NOT A CLINICAL TRIAL	Invalid_Reason
"Infusion reactions during re-induction cycles after a period of no treatment. Please see &quot;Purpose&quot; section."	Other
Lundbeck withdrew committment - expiring patents and prolonged inactivity	Other
Strategic decision unrelated to safety or efficacy	Other
Follow up only	Other
Ongoing long-term safety follow-up	Other
The rate of cure in both arms was higher than expected	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Oxford BioMedica halted TroVax injections	Other
Insufficient findings for data analysis	Other
Due to considerations regarding the appropriate therapeutic regimen for these patients.	Other
Early PMA Supplement	Other
Incomplete information	Other
Insufficient expected benefit risk	Other
reevaluation of compound development	Other
Widespread screening for malnutrition and provision of supplementary feeds for moderately malnourished children by Ministry of Health in the study area.	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
The development program has been terminated	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
"Before we could start the study, we realized that many of the patients were already getting ergocalciferol. Therefore, the study was closed."""	Other
Discontinuation of program	Other
Inefficiency of treatment	Other
This trial is terminated due to re-evaluation of the compound	Other
Resident research project limited by restrictions of residency program.	Other
More important number of SAE in one arms	Other
Change in priorities occurred	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Methodology applied did not meet all criteria required per guidelines	Other
Feasibility Period ended.	Other
Study suspended pending capitalization	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Enrollment closed 10/15/2008 based on data about KRAS.	Other
Potential for immune stimulation to interfere with further dose escalation.	Other
pts. will be captured in core	Other
CRP is no longer SOC - enrollment halted and will analyze available data.	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
"This trial discontinued March 7,2009 due to high screen failure rate."""	Other
Inadequate response to SRC letter	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Decision was made not to attempt a lower dose	Other
To decide if the study will be continued as initially planned and enrole 62 patients the final safety information on the second cohort needs to be available.	Other
reprioritization of indications	Other
Enrollment suspended pending additional toxicology testing	Other
Other	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Suspended failure to follow Conflict of Interest Management Plan	Other
imbalance of gastrointestinal and the lipase events	Other
"No metabolic disordered ID'd by TMS in either control/test group at &gt;50%enrolled"	Other
Low dose radiation treatment was not appropriate for these patients.	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
MTD not determined	Other
ECOG will not proceed with activation	Other
Human metabolite not yet covered sufficiently by nonclinical data	Other
This study was withdrawn for lack of progress. No subjects were recruited.	Other
IND was withdrawn	Other
SARS epidemic in Asia and Canada	Other
Additional long-term safety data no longer needed	Other
This study was terminated prematurely due to lack of sufficient exposure following single- and repeat-dosing.	Other
ENT surgery stopped at the recruiting hospital	Other
Cohort 2 not going forward. Manadate changes in Company	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Program discontinued	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
This study of the overall grant was not pursued as the aims were changed	Other
Schering-Plough is not the sponsor of this study.	Other
Illogistical results found in interim evaluation.	Other
withdrawn as MSU approval obained	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
At this time it is felt that we will not gain further information from an additional patients.	Other
one PI (BM) no longer felt he had clinical equipoise regarding the intervention. No adverse events.	Other
PK results demonstrate low and variable plasma concentrations so that achieving therapeutic concentrations is unlikely.	Other
finish study as protocol	Other
Inappropriate therapy associated with certain right ventricular (RV) lead complications may occur more frequently if the Respiratory Sensor is programmed On	Other
Structural changes that stopped the type of operations used in the study	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Reached sufficient pharmacokinetic exposures	Other
The trial is terminated due to re-evaluation of the compound	Other
pts. will be captured in core	Other
Combination formulation concerns	Other
Study discontinued due to Approvable decision	Other
Assessment of toxicities	Other
Trial Management related issues	Other
new insights have let us to expect marginal annexin targeting with a 10 minutes delay between reperfusion and administration of Annexin A5	Other
just suspended for the end of the pandemia	Other
Because the sample volume was completed during three years.	Other
Decision was made to conclude study with 5+ years worth of data rather than continuning on. No patient safety concerns identified.	Other
No patients randomised	Other
Statisticaly not acceptable	Other
The swine flu epidemic in Hong Kong	Other
reprioritization of indications	Other
increase staffing for protocol	Other
Current treatment regimen of 3 procedures considered acceptable.	Other
"After analysis of the existing data, it was determined that additional skin biopsy samples would not be required to determine study outcome."""	Other
Study is being reevaluated	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Termination following reassessment of the potential benefit-risk of AVE0657	Other
Study has been withdrawn as the H1N1 epidemic made this study redundant	Other
No subjects were enrolled. Sciatic blocks infrequently used for pain control.	Other
Lack of equipoise	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
Change in referral pattern changed the population we were studying	Other
Withdrawn because SWOG no longer pursuing this study at this time	Other
Submission converted to 510(k)	Other
No longer viable	Other
"Study temporarily stopped due to Moh requirement of changes on Phase of Study, instead of Phase IV MoH consider this study as Phase III"""	Other
Satisfied a post-marketing commitment to Canadian Health Authorities.	Other
There is no longer equipoise.	Other
Closed incomplete due to Artes Medical Closing	Other
The development program has been terminated	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
this protocol is admitted in the general biobank protocol number: NCT01084785	Other
This study has been terminated and will be replaced by a repository.	Other
It has come to our attention that the site was not necessary for our research project.	Other
Dosing cohort (650mg) exceeded current 350mg dosing in other trials.	Other
Enrollment suspended pending additional toxicology testing	Other
The received reliability with increase in quantity of participants of research did not vary	Other
Unfavourable Pharmakokinetics	Negative
PK results demonstrated no systemic absorption	Negative
"Due to regulatory/compliance observations noted in a Data Safety Monitoring Board UCSD audit report &amp; requirements by NIH/Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee."	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop study because of safety and FDA decided to put study on hold.	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Repros stopped study due to safety and FDA placed study on hold	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Study terminated due to FDA alert regarding Fleet phosphosoda	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
Study was terminated at the request of the company due to the recall of marketed product in Europe.	Regulatory
"FDA Full Clinical Hold due to safety concerns, as of 12/21/07"""	Regulatory
Repros decided to stop the study because of safety and the FDA decided to put the study on hold because of safety.	Regulatory
FDA Clinical Hold as of 12/21/07 due to safety concerns	Regulatory
"study was originally suspended by sponsor; now sponsor has approved; study still suspended until modification is submitted and approved by IRB"	Regulatory
Study stopped due to non-approval of IEC to proposed change in locations. Study discontinuation not due to safety/efficacy reasons related to the vaccine.	Regulatory
IRB request	Regulatory
Protocol Under Review	Regulatory
Terminated by IRB for continuing review	Regulatory
This study was terminated early as a result of regulatory action suspending tegaserod use in 2007	Regulatory
Regulatory decision not to proceed	Regulatory
IRB Closure	Regulatory
This study was terminated early as a result of regulatory action suspending tegaserod use in 2007	Regulatory
Per recommendation of the NHLBI DSMB	Regulatory
The study stopped due to marketing approval by the FDA.	Regulatory
FDA hold	Regulatory
Study closed by Institutional Review Board	Regulatory
IRB has requested additional information regarding IDE	Regulatory
Withdrawal of marketing autorization of efalizumab by the EMEA.	Regulatory
Study was stopped due to restrictions in labeling for the subcutaneous route of administration of EPREX.	Regulatory
Terminated due to continuing review	Regulatory
Expired for lack of continuing review	Regulatory
This study was terminated early as a result of regulatory action suspending tegaserod use in 2007	Regulatory
The FDA IND application is paused due to additional required testing. The IRB protocol was closed prior to research starting.	Regulatory
Due to recent strategic policy developments in the national vaccination program it is uncertain preadolescent girls will receive the HBV vaccin.	Regulatory
IRB needs updated	Regulatory
IRB Study Closure	Regulatory
Pending approval of the Ethics Committee	Regulatory
"Regulatory issues(trial temporarily suspended December 28, 2005. Permanently suspended January 19, 2007. Institutional Reveiw Board informed April 18, 2007"""	Regulatory
awaiting IRB approval on amendment change regarding dose reductions	Regulatory
no METC approval obtained	Regulatory
FDA Clinical Hold	Regulatory
Risk Status of study currently under review	Regulatory
Suspension of licence for rimonabant by European Medicines Agency	Regulatory
Awaiting IMP license for new GMP suite.	Regulatory
Under additional IRB Review	Regulatory
Due to continuing review	Regulatory
FDA Hold May 2007	Regulatory
IRB approval has lapsed.	Regulatory
FDA Hold May 2007	Regulatory
In process of renewing IND for AMP	Regulatory
IDMC recommendation	Regulatory
recommendation from the IDMC (Independent Data Monitoring Committee)	Regulatory
"protocol not approved by VA R&amp;D"	Regulatory
This study was terminated early as a result of regulatory action suspending tegaserod use in 2007	Regulatory
This study was terminated early as a result of regulatory action suspending tegaserod use in 2007	Regulatory
suspended we do not received authorization for Triacetin from Health Authorities	Regulatory
Temporarily on hold due to FDA request for review.	Regulatory
PPFA desired additional interim analysis which would have significantly impacted the sample size and integrity of the study	Regulatory
Study never submitted to IND. Study is being sponsored by Johnson and Johnson in the EU only.	Regulatory
Withdrawn due to medication withdrawal from the EMEA	Regulatory
Due to the uncertain regulatory landscape for erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in oncology indications.	Regulatory
Unable to obtain approval from FDA for use of chloral hydrate	Regulatory
"Never received final IRB approval for amendments, so never opened officially"""	Regulatory
Study approval deferred by the IRB.	Regulatory
Waiting for FDA approval of IND	Regulatory
Terminated for expired continuing review	Regulatory
Suspended by University of Miami Institutional Review Board	Regulatory
Modifications will be necessary before full IRB approval will be secured.	Regulatory
Change in Belgian law on the use of hMG in IUI	Regulatory
Terminated by the University of Miami Institutional Review Board	Regulatory
Study terminated by University of Miami Institutional Review Board	Regulatory
Protocol design under review.	Regulatory
Clinical Hold- product related issue	Regulatory
Study drug expiry date not extended	Regulatory
Pending IRB renewal	Regulatory
Screening has been suspended based on a recommendation from the Dose Selection Committee. There are no safety concerns involved in this decision.	Regulatory
OHSU IRB closed study to further enrollment 2/17/2006	Regulatory
adverse events related to drug lot	Logistics_Resources
Study suspended due to logistical/personnel difficulties	Logistics_Resources
we didnt recieved the medicine	Logistics_Resources
Study could not be re-supplied with study medication in a timely manner.	Logistics_Resources
The pharmaceutical company discontinued further development of SU5416.	Logistics_Resources
Terminated due to clinical trial material production delays	Logistics_Resources
Staffing resources currently being restructured	Logistics_Resources
"Drug supply shortage. Study should reopen in February, 2008"""	Logistics_Resources
No Resources - No Personnel	Logistics_Resources
Varience of supply chain from that required by protocol	Logistics_Resources
no resources available	Logistics_Resources
lack of pharmaceutical support	Logistics_Resources
lack of study personel	Logistics_Resources
Availability of Investigational agent	Logistics_Resources
Pharmaceutical company no longer manufactures drug	Logistics_Resources
Study withdrawn due to personnel limitations.	Logistics_Resources
Current lack of medication support.	Logistics_Resources
Due to lack of coordinator coverage	Logistics_Resources
Staffing issues prevented the continuation of the study	Logistics_Resources
Drug withdrawal	Logistics_Resources
Terminated due to the change of supplier and sponsor	Logistics_Resources
Unable to put forth the human resources for patient enrollment	Logistics_Resources
IMP supply	Logistics_Resources
study suspended due to staff indisposition	Logistics_Resources
"Expiration of current lot of MEDI-507, ongoing discussion about future source of MEDI-507"""	Logistics_Resources
Lack of drug supply for doxercalciferol for this study	Logistics_Resources
Drug was not sent	Logistics_Resources
Product withdrawn from distribution	Logistics_Resources
The trial experienced recall of rescue medication provided by an US vendor. Limited availability of alternative rescue medication severly impacted timelines	Logistics_Resources
Trial was withdrawn for drug availability issues.	Logistics_Resources
Withdrawn because Ablatherm devices were not available anymore at trial centers	Logistics_Resources
One of the instruments in the study was withdrawn from the market before the calculated number of persons were included.	Logistics_Resources
Study drug supplier withdrew support for the study. Study was withdrawn from the Duke IRB.	Logistics_Resources
Due to lack of supply of the investigational product.	Logistics_Resources
Additional equipment is needed.	Logistics_Resources
Study drug currently unavailable	Logistics_Resources
The drug needed for the study is not available in Mexico anymore.	Logistics_Resources
Medication expired	Logistics_Resources
On of the liners has been taken from the market	Logistics_Resources
study drug unavailable	Logistics_Resources
Withdrawn due to lack of drug supply	Logistics_Resources
Issue of priority of resources	Logistics_Resources
staffing changes	Logistics_Resources
Unable to secure supply of the study medication	Logistics_Resources
drug not available	Logistics_Resources
Assessing resources needed to extend study.	Logistics_Resources
exhausted personel after a long recruiting period	Logistics_Resources
"End of research time, time-resources"""	Logistics_Resources
Unavailability of investigational product	Logistics_Resources
Staffing and departmental changes at our site made it difficult to enroll subjects.	Logistics_Resources
Temporary loss of personnel	Logistics_Resources
Lead was recalled and manufacturing halted	Logistics_Resources
Lack of drug supply	Logistics_Resources
Study was stopped due to lack of resources (clinical dietitians).	Logistics_Resources
Temporarily closed to accrual pending availablity of drug.	Logistics_Resources
personnel shortage	Logistics_Resources
Withdrawn because of personal ressources before inclusion of the first patient	Logistics_Resources
Drug supply issue - Contracts with New source Genzyme Canada are in negotiation	Logistics_Resources
Study was withdrawn due to lack of resources.	Logistics_Resources
Drug was not available.	Logistics_Resources
Due to drug unavailability	Logistics_Resources
Lack of Vaccine Supplies	Logistics_Resources
Lack of personnel	Logistics_Resources
prototype catheter never delivered	Logistics_Resources
Short of supply of fibrin glue	Logistics_Resources
immunohistochemistry markers are not recieved yet	Logistics_Resources
Due to clinical trial supplies shortage	Logistics_Resources
Drug unavailable	Logistics_Resources
Bayer Healthcare is no supplying the study drug	Logistics_Resources
Personelle changes mandated suspension.	Logistics_Resources
On hold due to lack of CTM supply	Logistics_Resources
The study drugs are not covered anymore by insurance.	Logistics_Resources
No patients were recruited. Treatment drug expired.	Logistics_Resources
Poor tolerability of drug and side effects	Safety_Sideeffects
"Last subject enrolled experienced bradycardia; study was terminated by Sponsor."	Safety_Sideeffects
"Suspension due to a safety concern, while risk/benefit is being assessed"""	Safety_Sideeffects
Failure of an inroducer sheath used in the technique specified by the study. posing a risk. No adverse outcome has occurred in a study patient.	Safety_Sideeffects
Terminated due to safety concerns.	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety concerns with the COX-2 specific inhibitor class of drug.	Safety_Sideeffects
Nephrotoxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
Investigations on a Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR)	Safety_Sideeffects
Study was terminated due to cardiac toxicities in the subjects	Safety_Sideeffects
"during Period 1 due to numerous orthostatic AEs that occurred. Subsequently, RLD was reduced to 5 mg due to safety concerns."""	Safety_Sideeffects
Reactogenicity met study halting criteria	Safety_Sideeffects
Higher than expected rate of acute rejection	Safety_Sideeffects
Unrelated serious adverse events involving one of the proposed medications	Safety_Sideeffects
Unexpected safety events.	Safety_Sideeffects
Incidence of GI Perforation	Safety_Sideeffects
unexpected level of toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
Unexpected adverse event	Safety_Sideeffects
Withdrawn due to drug toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
Hepatic safety signal identified.	Safety_Sideeffects
safety issues (toxicity)	Safety_Sideeffects
Unacceptable incidence of wound dehiscence in the PDS group	Safety_Sideeffects
"After reports of turbidity in urine in 4 of 8 volunteers in the 4th cohort, the study was halted temporarily."""	Safety_Sideeffects
After review of safety events and have decided that further dose escalation of MEDI-507 as a single agent is not feasible.	Safety_Sideeffects
toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
Terminated (halted prematurely) due to tolerability issues.	Safety_Sideeffects
Unexpected side-effects: reversible and mild to moderate neurological impairment	Safety_Sideeffects
Study stopped because of toxicity concerns.	Safety_Sideeffects
high rate of medullar aplasia with infectious troubles.	Safety_Sideeffects
After review of safety events and have decided that further dose escalation of MEDI-507 as a single agent is not feasible.	Safety_Sideeffects
Withdrawn due to toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
The study was halted in January 2007 due to safety concerns.	Safety_Sideeffects
Terminated as the active treatment was associated with an increased hazard	Safety_Sideeffects
Reports of significant laboratory abnormalities and adverse events in a number of clinical study participants.	Safety_Sideeffects
"This study was terminated on January 6, 2010, due to toxicology findings in animals exposed to PF-04455242 for three months."""	Safety_Sideeffects
Toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
"Suspension due to a safety concern, while risk/benefit is being assessed."""	Safety_Sideeffects
The study was terminated because of Early Treatment Failure in child.The justification for this decision are concerns about safety of children.	Safety_Sideeffects
Several enrolled subjects experienced hypotensionafter receiving Nicardipine and after revier the Principal investigator decided to stop enrollment.	Safety_Sideeffects
Hepatic safety signal identified.	Safety_Sideeffects
Rofecoxib was withdrawn from the market due to safety concerns.	Safety_Sideeffects
Terminated for safety reasons	Safety_Sideeffects
post-surgical complications in the last 2 patients	Safety_Sideeffects
Newly identified safety concerns have changed the risk and benefit considerations	Safety_Sideeffects
enrollment stopped for safety issues	Safety_Sideeffects
Study was terminated due to cardiac toxicities in the subejcts	Safety_Sideeffects
Study was terminated due to cardiac toxicities in the subjects	Safety_Sideeffects
Study was terminated due to cardiac toxicities in the subjects	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety Issues	Safety_Sideeffects
"During treatment session 3, a subject had a pattern of AEs of severe intensity, suggestive of brainstem toxicity/encephalopathy during lidocaine/saline infusion"""	Safety_Sideeffects
A cluster of deaths in the BCG-arm compared with controls	Safety_Sideeffects
Terminated due to dose limiting toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety concerns in the treatment arm	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety concerns	Safety_Sideeffects
safety concerns regarding use of rosiglitazone	Safety_Sideeffects
investigation of adverse events	Safety_Sideeffects
"Following the recall of Ionsys, the study has been stopped. Data analysis will be undertaken in accordance with the Analysis Plan."""	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety issue	Safety_Sideeffects
The study is prematurely terminated due to a safety issue	Safety_Sideeffects
Incidence of abnormalities of liver function tests is higher than expected in this population.	Safety_Sideeffects
"Date of termination was Feb. 7, 2008. Reasons of termination were due to elevation of liver function tests and long elimination half-life of the compound."""	Safety_Sideeffects
2 complications with midazolam	Safety_Sideeffects
"Based on data collected, the combination appeared to be poorly tolearated."""	Safety_Sideeffects
Reactogenicity met study halting criteria	Safety_Sideeffects
The decision to terminate this study after 202 mg/m2 cohort was taken as MTD achieved in other study at 185 mg/m2	Safety_Sideeffects
A cluster of adverse events in everolimus arm was noted.	Safety_Sideeffects
Significant Toxicities Experienced	Safety_Sideeffects
Due to safety concerns	Safety_Sideeffects
Unacceptable Neurotoxicity (2 cases)	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety concerns	Safety_Sideeffects
More cases of Febrile Neutropenia were observed in experimental group compared to standard treatment.	Safety_Sideeffects
The study was terminated based on a recommendation of the DSMB following the identification of two patients with significant elevations in serum transaminases	Safety_Sideeffects
The study was stopped due to safety concerns	Safety_Sideeffects
Melagatran/ximelagatran was withdrawn from the market and clinical development in February 2006 in the interest of patient safety.	Safety_Sideeffects
Due to reported toxicity of Celecoxib at high doses	Safety_Sideeffects
Withdrawn due to toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
"Based on data collected, the combination appeared to be poorly tolearated."""	Safety_Sideeffects
EMD Serono voluntarily decided to terminate this trial after observing increased MS disease activity in the atacicept treatment groups compared to placebo	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety issues	Safety_Sideeffects
"Based on the data collected, the combination of bevacizumab and sunitinib appeared to be poorly tolerated."""	Safety_Sideeffects
"Study halted on Korean PI request, to await ACIP evaluation of febrile seizure reports and final CDC recommendation regarding product useage"""	Safety_Sideeffects
Due to extreme toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
four adverse events encountered	Safety_Sideeffects
Development of XL999 was stopped due to cardiac toxicities in the subjects	Safety_Sideeffects
DSMC recommendation based on safety data	Safety_Sideeffects
The DSMB recommended stopping the study due to safety concerns.	Safety_Sideeffects
"Study inactivated due to detection of hyperintensities of unclear etiology on brain MRI. Protocol discontinued with clinical &amp; radiological follow up continuing"	Safety_Sideeffects
Study was stopped due to time dependent drug accumulation	Safety_Sideeffects
"Safety reasons, though no safety issues arose."""	Safety_Sideeffects
Stopped at the request of the Data Safety Monitoring Board for safety reasons.	Safety_Sideeffects
toxicities required dose reduction compromising effectiveness	Safety_Sideeffects
Study was terminated due to cardiac toxicities	Safety_Sideeffects
Too frequent grade 3-4 toxicities	Safety_Sideeffects
potential harm of insulin infusion outweights the benefit.	Safety_Sideeffects
To many infants in the experimental group developed hypertriglyceridemia	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety issues related to outpatient intravenous infusion in India	Safety_Sideeffects
The safety profile of combination therapy became unacceptable.	Safety_Sideeffects
The study was terminated in the interest of patient safety.	Safety_Sideeffects
voluntarily by Sponsor to investigate an anticipated SAE	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety of patients	Safety_Sideeffects
Potential hepatic safety signal	Safety_Sideeffects
High dose citrulline treatment throughout pregnancy in rats may lead to elevated blood pressure in the offspring.	Safety_Sideeffects
Hepatic Safety Signal Identified.	Safety_Sideeffects
Sorafenib administered in the combination with pemetrexed-carboplatin appears to enhance thrombocytopenia compared to historical data.	Safety_Sideeffects
The study was terminated in the interest of patient safety.	Safety_Sideeffects
due to celecoxib safety issues	Safety_Sideeffects
drug-related harm	Safety_Sideeffects
"The study was &quot;withdrawn&quot; due to certain adverse events [hypersensitivity]."	Safety_Sideeffects
closed due to toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
"reaching of step 1 (recruitment of 8 patients) per protocol -&gt; risk assessment -&gt; termination because of occurance of toxicity Grade 3 and 4"	Safety_Sideeffects
safety reasons	Safety_Sideeffects
Animal Toxicity Findings	Safety_Sideeffects
Major side-effects	Safety_Sideeffects
A 300 patient safety analysis by the Data Monitoring Committee showed a trend towards higher mortality in the treatment group.	Safety_Sideeffects
Pre-Clinical Safety Tox Findings	Safety_Sideeffects
Stopped by DSMB due to increased wound infection rate.	Safety_Sideeffects
Hepatic safety signal identified.	Safety_Sideeffects
due to multiple subjects reporting pain and burning at the phlebotomy sites after 38hr	Safety_Sideeffects
Study suspended because of safety reasons	Safety_Sideeffects
Withdrawn due to an excess of toxic deaths	Safety_Sideeffects
Recruitment suspended until DSMB reviews a Serious Adverse Event	Safety_Sideeffects
An interim analysis revealed a significantly higher persistence/recurrence of complications of portal hypertension in the 8 mm-stent group.	Safety_Sideeffects
"Withdrawn due to &quot;toxicity&quot; problems"	Safety_Sideeffects
Due to high incidence of neurological complication in those with ilioinguinal block	Safety_Sideeffects
Subjects on sildenafil were more likely to have severe pain episodes called sickle cell crises requiring hospitalization compared to subjects on placebo.	Safety_Sideeffects
"Recommendation of DSMB for safety issue, increased mortality with study drug."""	Safety_Sideeffects
Because one of the drugs Valdecoxib was withdrawn due to safety concerns.	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety concerns	Safety_Sideeffects
"Some patients experienced asymptomatic, transient elevations in liver transaminases"""	Safety_Sideeffects
Safety concerns	Safety_Sideeffects
higher incidence of pain related sexual dysfunction in the TO arm	Safety_Sideeffects
Excess toxicity	Safety_Sideeffects
Interim safety analysis	Safety_Sideeffects
See Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description below for termination reason.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See detailed description for termination reason	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See Detailed Description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See Termination Reason in Detailed Description	No_Context
See Termination Reason in Detailed Description	No_Context
See Termination Reason in Detailed Description.	No_Context
See Termination Reason in Detailed Description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
Please see detailed description for termination reason.	No_Context
See Detailed Description for Termination Reason	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See detailed description	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See Detailed Description for Termination Reason	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for the termination reason.	No_Context
See Detailed Description field.	No_Context
Please see detailed description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Brief Summary for Termination Reason.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See Detailed Description.	No_Context
See reason for termination in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See Detailed Description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See Detailed Description.	No_Context
See detailed description for termination reason	No_Context
Refer to Detailed Description.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See the termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
Please see detailed description for reason why study was terminated.	No_Context
Terminated by Sponsor: see details below	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
Terminated [See Detailed Description for Termination Reason.]	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See detailed description for termination reason	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
See statement in Detailed Description.	No_Context
See Detailed Description field	No_Context
See detailed description for reason.	No_Context
See detailed description	No_Context
See termination reason in detailed description.	No_Context
Please see Detailed Description below for termination reason.	No_Context
Explanation provided in detailed descriptiong section of record.	No_Context
See Detailed Description for termination reason.	No_Context
See Detailed Description	No_Context
due to strong side effect	Safety_Sideeffects
Side effects valuation	Safety_Sideeffects
side effect profile did not match expectations	Safety_Sideeffects
Sponsor decision to terminate.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor elected not to conduct study at this time.	Business_Administrative
sponsor's decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision to terminate the study	Business_Administrative
sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Pediatric development program terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
The study sponsor canceled the study.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor elected to not pursue this indication for the study device.	Business_Administrative
sponsor has decide to pospone this study	Business_Administrative
Sponsor withdraw	Business_Administrative
Study terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision not to enroll cohorts of combined SGN-35 and gemcitabine therapy.	Business_Administrative
Support for investigational products has been withdrawn.	Business_Administrative
MI-CP177 study closed per sponsor decision.	Business_Administrative
Study closed by sponser	Business_Administrative
"Due to the sale of Cardene IV, the sponsor has stopped enrollment and terminated the study. No safety issues were identified."""	Business_Administrative
Sponsor withdrew request to conduct study	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision to terminate study.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor requests final closure of this trial.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor withdrew support	Business_Administrative
"Sponsor decision to terminate study, not due to safety reasons."""	Business_Administrative
Sponsor Terminated	Business_Administrative
Pediatric development program terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
SWOG has decided to not pursue this trial	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision to not pursue uPLi for vascular conditions including DVT.	Business_Administrative
the study stopped becaust the sponsor did not wish to proceede with the study	Business_Administrative
Pediatric development program terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decided not to continue with the development program	Business_Administrative
Study terminated based on decision of Sponsor.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor Decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Terminated at request of sponsor.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision to withdraw study at this time.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor has decided to not proceed with this study.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor terminated.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decided not to go forward with the study.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor Decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
closed by sponser	Business_Administrative
Terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
notification from sponsor	Business_Administrative
Terminated 4/17/07. Drug sponsor withdrew.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor is re-evaluating the clinical development path	Business_Administrative
Terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Study withdrawn at sponsor request.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor - Confluent Surgical terminated study re: surgical techniques Letter dated 4/31/2008	Business_Administrative
Pediatric development program terminated by sponsor	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decided against going forward with the study.	Business_Administrative
Terminated by Sponsor	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision to terminate the study	Business_Administrative
Study terminated at Sponsor's request.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
closed by sponser	Business_Administrative
Sponsor has withdrawn support for this study and it will not be performed	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Study sponsor decided to withdraw the current study prior to enrollment of first participant.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision not to pursue development of uPLi for vascular conditions	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision	Business_Administrative
Sponsor support withdrawn	Business_Administrative
Study was stopped by sponsor prior to first patient assignment to groups due to operational reasons.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor's decision not to pursue development of uPLi for vascular conditions.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor is not proceeding with USA human trial at this time	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decision	Business_Administrative
Terminated by Sponsor	Business_Administrative
"Study terminated early as per request by sponsor, Zila Biotechnology, Inc."""	Business_Administrative
Sponsor terminated trial	Business_Administrative
Withdrawn by the study sponsor.	Business_Administrative
This study has been placed on clinical hold by the sponsor due to operational reasons.	Business_Administrative
Sponsor decided to withdraw from study.	Business_Administrative
"CDC's decision to down-select vaccine development to single candidate, ACAM2000"""	Business_Administrative
closed by sponser	Business_Administrative
Completed	Invalid_Reason
Completed	Invalid_Reason
study completed	Invalid_Reason
Study was completed.	Invalid_Reason
the study is publiched	Invalid_Reason
Study is complete Analysis is complete	Invalid_Reason
Intended length of study ended	Invalid_Reason
Study completed	Invalid_Reason
Study completed	Invalid_Reason
study completed	Invalid_Reason
Study completed	Invalid_Reason
Study completed.	Invalid_Reason
The study is completed.	Invalid_Reason
study completed	Invalid_Reason
"the study has recently ended, all information gathred as planed"""	Invalid_Reason
Completed	Invalid_Reason
"the study has concluded normally;"	Invalid_Reason
Study is completed and analysis completed	Invalid_Reason
The study has finished.	Invalid_Reason
Study has been completed	Invalid_Reason
"No safety signals were noted. The study completed the main phase, additional potential study cohorts not required."""	Invalid_Reason
"Study is completed; data analysis are completed"	Invalid_Reason
Study has been completed as planned	Invalid_Reason
The trial end was achieved according to the definition in the trial protocol	Invalid_Reason
Study completed	Invalid_Reason
"Inclusion, treatments and follow-up are finished"""	Invalid_Reason
Recruitment and follow-up has been completed.	Invalid_Reason
"We had got enough data, therefore we stopped the study and published the data."""	Invalid_Reason
end of the follow-up period	Invalid_Reason
Completed	Invalid_Reason
Study Completed	Invalid_Reason
The trail end was achived according to the definition in the trial protocol	Invalid_Reason
Follow-up end in 1999	Invalid_Reason
Experience gained from this study is sufficient to design and facilitate the follow-on study	Invalid_Reason
data collection ended	Invalid_Reason
study completed	Invalid_Reason
Interim analysis of Primary Endpoint completed	Invalid_Reason
Study was terminated according the study protocol end of 2007	Invalid_Reason
End of the study	Invalid_Reason
"All enrollment, treatment, follow-up &amp; data analysis completed"""	Invalid_Reason
study no longer at pittsburgh	Study_Staff_Moved
Project moved to new university	Study_Staff_Moved
Change in institutional headquarters for the US study.	Study_Staff_Moved
study moved to alternate site	Study_Staff_Moved
Pending IRB approval at PI's new institution	Study_Staff_Moved
The incidence of post-operative delirium observed from interim blinded data in DEX-06-09 was significantly lower than the current literature in this population.	Success
The incidence of post-operative delirium observed from interim blinded data was significantly lower than the current literature in this population.	Success
The data available is enough for the publication and the study article published in Middle East Journal of Anesthesiology.	Success
Interim analysis showed a significant reduction in the pain scores	Success
survival advantage demonstrated	Success
Clearly identifiable benefits 50% of patients included	Success
Results showed statistically significant benefit in the experimental group	Success
Sponsor decided to stop enrollment to review data.	Suspended for interim analysis
To conduct interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Ancillary data being reviewed to determine if this study will continue.	Suspended for interim analysis
interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
suspended pending data analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Evaluating outcomes of current subjects pre further enrollment/dose reduction.	Suspended for interim analysis
Further evaluation of pharmacokinetic data in the target population is ongoing	Suspended for interim analysis
Delayed to review safety data	Suspended for interim analysis
Suspended while we determine if usable data can be collected from this device.	Suspended for interim analysis
Pre-specified interim analysis of safety and efficacy is pending.	Suspended for interim analysis
Study is hold for analysis to date.	Suspended for interim analysis
At the first prespecified interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Suspended for treatment/dosing analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Interim Analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Future development of AZD1236 is currently under review by the project team and no new studies will be started until this review is completed.	Suspended for interim analysis
Undergoing interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Study suspended for interim data analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Temporarily suspended to conduct interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
The study was suspended in order to perform an interim analysis.	Suspended for interim analysis
Suspened for interim data analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Interim Analysis and review by Data Safety Monitoring Board	Suspended for interim analysis
Temporarily suspended to conduct interim analysis	Suspended for interim analysis
Based on a consistently low enrolment rate and procedural challenges that were unknown at study start. It was not based on safety or efficacy concerns.	Logistics_Resources
The study has been stopped for logistic reasons not related to the safety or efficacy of the vaccine.	Logistics_Resources
LIFE Bronchoscopy equipment no longer functioning and cannot be repaired.	Logistics_Resources
"Malaria prev. fell in the study area, so we cannot evaluate the primary endpoint"""	Logistics_Resources
"The results of this study will not be published due to the large number of losses to follow-up, which affected the results."""	Logistics_Resources
Recruitment has been suspended because of a problem with the software used for generating the aftercare summary.	Logistics_Resources
We encounter technical problems to continue with the study. (Notably difficulty in teaching the patients to use the dressing set involved in the study.)	Logistics_Resources
Due to unstalbe cell sheet quality. We didn't use this tech on patients.	Logistics_Resources
feasibility issues	Logistics_Resources
"The study was cancelled before any patients were enrolled, due to operational reasons."""	Logistics_Resources
Existing vessel analysis software could not be applied to breast MRI data.	Logistics_Resources
Technical problem	Logistics_Resources
Technical/operational issues	Logistics_Resources
Insufficient dose for MRI scanning	Logistics_Resources
Temporarily suspended in between validating test systems.	Logistics_Resources
technical difficulties coordinating study	Logistics_Resources
Issues with data collection tool	Logistics_Resources
Technical Conflicts	Logistics_Resources
Logistical difficulties running the study	Logistics_Resources
We decided to enroll patients via e-mail rather than via telephone and are waiting for the hospital registration system to be updated with patients' e-mail.	Logistics_Resources
Logistic problems with adequately timely organ collection and transport	Logistics_Resources
Issues with CTM stability.	Logistics_Resources
Collected study data was not usable due to process miscommunications	Logistics_Resources
"machine used to measure indiret calorimetry is broken, new machine on order"""	Logistics_Resources
It was not possible to perform 2 MRI studies in each patient due to practical problems. The study was not suspended due to safety issues.	Logistics_Resources
difficulty obtaining required data	Logistics_Resources
HandyLab device determined to not work for the science	Logistics_Resources
Due to numerous delays in study start-up process...	Logistics_Resources
The maintenance doses were too low to maintain testosterone suppression	Logistics_Resources
Computers/hardware for data collection/storage are outdated and unserviceable.	Logistics_Resources
images obtained were non-diagnostic	Logistics_Resources
Studies are suspended until a new ultrasound scanner is acquired.	Logistics_Resources
It was found that the devices were not suitable for the application.	Logistics_Resources
"After an extensive review,the ASPIRE in CKD study was terminated because it was not possible to complete the study in an appropriate time frame."""	Logistics_Resources
"As of March 9, 2010 recruitment was temporarily suspended as data processing issues are being worked out."""	Logistics_Resources
Surgeon mistakenly removed liver and fat tissue from a non-LABS2a participant	Logistics_Resources
terminated for logistical reasons	Logistics_Resources
Study withdrawn due to logistic reasons and will be re-organized at a later date	Logistics_Resources
HandyLab device did not work for the science	Logistics_Resources
"Most patients were unable to perform the test being used to measure lung function, thus it became clear the study would not yield clinically meaningful data"""	Logistics_Resources
Due to technical issues relating to the Electronic diary data.	Logistics_Resources
Logistics failure and staff/scanner shortage	Logistics_Resources
Nitric Oxide analyzer not functioning properly	Logistics_Resources
problems with planned computer	Logistics_Resources
Study is now terminated due to technical difficulties with administration of study drug in this patient population with this schedule	Logistics_Resources
LOGISTIC DIFFICULTIES	Logistics_Resources
"After treatment of 7 patients, it was decided that the handling characteristics of the test device should be upgraded before continuing the trial as planned."""	Logistics_Resources
study was suspended because of difficluty maintaining equipment	Logistics_Resources
The preliminary data do not support the expected sustainable blood levels of triptorelin for a duration of 4 months in all patients.	Logistics_Resources
Study was closed due to logistical issues.	Logistics_Resources
Study has been terminated due to logistical barriers to cell processing.	Logistics_Resources
Formulation issues.	Logistics_Resources
study was never started due to regional geopolitical conflict	Logistics_Resources
Non-protocol feasibility	Logistics_Resources
Angioscanners in excess of the SNA group because of use of thiopental	Logistics_Resources
Challenging data collection	Logistics_Resources
Loss of Research Data	Logistics_Resources
Voluntarily closed and terminated by the PI due to lack of feasibility	Logistics_Resources
"Feasibility issues, only 1 patient recruited."""	Logistics_Resources
Inability to reach statistical significance toward primary endpoint	Negative
CoStar Stent IDE failed to meet primary endpoint	Negative
The study did not achieve the statistical success to continue.	Negative
Withdrawn due to failure to meet primary endpoint	Negative
TV-4710/201 did not meet its primary endpoints in patients with SLE	Negative
Recruitment stopped according to early stopping rule (by protocol)	Negative
Did not meet the criteria for continuation to second stage	Negative
At interim analysis the study did not meet the response criteria to continue	Negative
Study DAR-312 did not meet its primary co-endpoints.	Negative
"An endpoint difference between 3 energies was not observed. Correlations between recovery and ATP were established, and will be used for a Whole Blood system."""	Negative
Analysis of data from 104RA203 failed to meet primary endpoint.	Negative
Study DAR-312 did not meet primary co-endpoints	Negative
The study was terminated based on the recommendation by the DSMB following a pre-planned protocol interim analysis because the endpoint was not achieved.	Negative
Analysis of data from 104RA202 failed to meet primary endpoint	Negative
no change in primary endpoint at week 48	Negative
Interim analysis results did not meet criteria for second stage of trial	Negative
This trial discontinued on 20 JUN 2008 because the interim immunogenicity results do not justify these formulations as pandemic vaccine candidates	Negative
Failed primary endpoint	Negative
Interim analysis of data failed to meet primary endpoint.	Negative
Terminated early because the first phase didn't meet the endpoint.	Negative
Resident project--resident left institution and was not picked up by anyone else	Study_Staff_Moved
decision made not to proceed -- no subjects were ever enrolled	Business_Administrative
Other - Participant safety due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Pause for COVID-19 Response	Covid19
Stopped until further notice due to COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Closures due to COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19 HOLD	Covid19
Enrollment and study activities are temporarily suspended due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Enrollment and other trial activities have temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and are expected	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Study recruitment paused due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
On hold due to COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
Due to COVID-19 and tissue resource not available at this time	Covid19
COVID-19 HOLD	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Study temporarily on hold due to COVID19	Covid19
Suspended (Due to COVID-19)	Covid19
due to COVID-19 (at least until 25 APRIL 2020)	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment is temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and is expected to reopen in the future. This	Covid19
Currently suspended due to COVID-19 policies.	Covid19
Recruitment is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
Other - Safety during COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary suspension due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to COVID -19, study is suspended to accrual only	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Enrollment on Hold (COVID-19)	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Covid-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
This study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Temporarily Suspended for COVID-19	Covid19
All sites have been put on hold due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
This study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, recruitment and screening visits have been suspended until	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Suspended (Due to Covid-19)	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Temporary enrollment suspension to manage patient safety due to COVID-19	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 20th 2020 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment and interactions/interventions paused due to COVID-19. Expected to resume in the	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
accrual temporarily suspended during COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended to accrual due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and safety measure	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Temporarily halted due to COVID-19	Covid19
suspended to recruiting due to COVID-19	Covid19
The study has been halted temporarily to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
COVID19-pandemic- Need to minimize exposure. Effects of steroids on COVID19 positive patients	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 20 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19 outbreak, we have decided to discontinue the study.	Covid19
Temporary recruitment pause for COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Recruitment and enrollment to this study has been suspended due to the COVID-19 crisis.	Covid19
New enrollment is temporarily suspended due to COVID19 restrictions	Covid19
Precautionary delay in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Temporary suspension of enrollment due to COVID-19 situation	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Paused for COVID-19 Response	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Pause for COVID-19 Response	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Temporary enrollment suspension to manage patient safety due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
On Hold due to COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Currently suspended due to COVID-19 policies.	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 19 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Study halted prematurely due to COVID-19 but potentially will resume.	Covid19
Temporary halt of recruitment due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporarily halted due to COVID-19	Covid19
Temporary enrollment suspension to manage patient safety due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID-19 outbreak, study is temporarily suspended.	Covid19
COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
response to COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended (Due to Covid-19)	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended enrollment and in person follow-up visits due to the COVID-19 Virus	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Temporary suspension of screening/Enrollment due to worldwide COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
due to COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and safety measure	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment and other trial activities have temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and are expected	Covid19
COVID-19 social distancing requirements	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to strict measures of the government to contain the spread of COVID-19 outbreak, we follow	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Covid-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Temporary pause on enrollment due to COVID-19	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
"Urgent shift among clinical sites toward efforts to combat COVID-19 pandemic;impacted"	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Currently suspended due to covid-19 policies.	Covid19
Stopped until further notice due to COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
Enrollment suspended due to COVID-19, pre-screening continues for future enrollment	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Recruitment suspending during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Trial put on hold due to COVID 19 pandemic.	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment and interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 & will resume in	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to COVID-19, effective 3/19/2020 recruitment is halted until further notice	Covid19
COVID 19 outbreak	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic Measures	Covid19
Recruitment temporarily suspended due to COVID19 restrictions.	Covid19
Context of the Covid-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
COVID19	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19 situation	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 20 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
The study has been halted temporarily to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
We had to suspend our clinical trials due to the pandemic of COVID-19.	Covid19
Study treatment and recruitment has been paused due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Stopped until further notice due to COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
The epidemic of COVID-19 has been controlled well in China, no eligible patients can be	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Pause for COVID 19 response	Covid19
Enrollment and study activities are temporarily suspended due to COVID-19.	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Pause for COVID 19 Response	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
In light of the cessation of non-essential clinical activities at CPU due to the COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
recruitment temporarily suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
IRB recruitment suspension due to COVID-19 related research restrictions.	Covid19
Enrollment suspended due to COVID-19, prescreening continues for future enrollment	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Per IRB COVID‰Ûð19 guidance on conducting human subjects research.	Covid19
response to COVID-19	Covid19
Study temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment and interventions are temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and are expected to resume	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
COVID19	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
The study has been halted temporarily to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Covid 19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
The study is temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and will resume based on guidance of public	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Trial was terminated due to the impact of the COVID-19 on trial activities. 68 patients with	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Study stopped prior to subject administered first dose, due to COVID-19	Covid19
This is due to the safety risk of the COVID 19 virus to the healthy volunteers and the fact	Covid19
that there is not data on coinfections of malaria and COVID 19.	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
ORD-Funded Studies due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended [Owing to the Covid-19 epidemics, investigators have decided to suspend inclusion on	Covid19
In response to COVID-19.	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Covid-19	Covid19
Suspended (Due to COVID-19)	Covid19
COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
Due to COVID-19 policies.	Covid19
Temporary suspension by PI due to Covid-19	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Participant safety during COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Recruitment is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Recruitment is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
Context of the Covid-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary halt of recruitment due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Currently suspended due to Covid-19 policies.	Covid19
Curretly suspended due to Covid-19 policies.	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
All subject enrollment/follow up is on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, study has been temporarily halted and will resume in the future	Covid19
response to COVID-19	Covid19
Covid-19	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Intervention/interactions are temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and are expected to resume.	Covid19
Enrollment and other trial activities have temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and are expected	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 2020 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Currently suspended due to Covid-19 policies.	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
This study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Recruitment is temporarily suspended, related to COVID-19.	Covid19
Temporary enrollment suspension to manage patient safety due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Covid-19 pandÌ©mie	Covid19
Enrollment stopped until further notice due to COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
Recruitment temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Study halted prematurely due to COVID-19 but potentially will resume	Covid19
Due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Safety concerns related to COVID-19	Covid19
accrual temporarily suspended during COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the impact of COVID-19	Covid19
SUSPENDED (Due to COVID-19)	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment is suspended due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 20th, 2020 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Recruitment temporarily on hold due to COVID-19 situation.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Study suspended due to the Covid19 virus until further notice	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to country-level restrictions regarding COVID19	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Context of the Covid-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
This study has been suspended due to COVID-19 Virus pandemic	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Attendance at study sites carries risk of COVID-19 infection. Non-attendance at planned study	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this study has temporarily suspended recruitment activities.	Covid19
Non-treatment trials suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
COVID-19 Hold	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Currently suspended due to covid-19 policies.	Covid19
Due to COVID-19 policies.	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19 restrictions	Covid19
This study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Pause for COVID 19 response	Covid19
Study recruitment has been temporarily paused due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Other - COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Currently on partial clinical hold due to COVID-19 policies.	Covid19
Suspended due to Covid-19	Covid19
Study recruitment suspended during COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
This study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
The recent outbreak and in anticipation of further spread of COVID-19, to protect the health	Covid19
Recruitment is suspended due to COVID-19. Study visits for currently enrolled subjects are	Covid19
"COVID-19; Temporary suspension of non-essential human subjects research"	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Patient safety during COVID-19	Covid19
Currently suspended due to COVID-19 policies	Covid19
The study has been halted temporarily to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to COVID -19, study is suspended to accrual only	Covid19
The study has been halted temporarily to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
due to COVID-19	Covid19
Recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to resume.	Covid19
This study is temporarily suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
recruitment on hold due to COVID risk	Covid19
Enrollment is paused due to COVID-19. This is not a suspension of IRB approval.	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Enrollment and other trial activities have temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and are expected	Covid19
Temporary halt of recruitment due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
Covid-19	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Voluntary suspension due to substantial study updates and COVID-19	Covid19
Study deemed non-essential under COVID pandemic	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Temporarily Suspended for COVID-19	Covid19
Recruitment is suspended due to COVID-19. Study visits for currently enrolled subjects are	Covid19
Covid-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID -19, study is suspended to accrual only	Covid19
Because of the epidemic of COVID-19, the serum testing could not be continued	Covid19
Due to COVID -19	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
The study was suspended due to COVID-19 cessation of research activities in March of 2020	Covid19
Only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19	Covid19
Infectious Disease Outbreak: COVID-19	Covid19
Suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID -19 HOLD	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Only recruitment temporarily paused due to Covid-19.	Covid19
COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary halt of recruitment due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Enrollment and/or interactions/interventions temporarily paused due to COVID-19 and expected to	Covid19
"Enrollment is temporarily paused due to COVID-19; interactions/interventions with current"	Covid19
recruitment temporarily suspended due to COVID-19	Covid19
Recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Covid-19 resolution.	Covid19
The epidemic of COVID-19 has been controlled well at present, no eligible patients can be	Covid19
Study recruitment temporarily halted as a precautionary measure due to the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Recruitment is suspended due to COVID-19 outbreak	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19	Covid19
Principle Investigator was deployed to NYP to help with COVID-19 response team	Covid19
COVID-19 Pandemic	Covid19
Trial put on hold due to COVID 19 pandemic. This is a first-in-human trial and safety	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 13 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Accrual is suspended due to COVID-19.	Covid19
Because of the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic 2020	Covid19
Enrollment suspended during the COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
Temporary suspension since March 2020 due to COVID-19 pandemic	Covid19
COVID19 Suspension	Covid19
only recruitment temporarily paused due to COVID-19	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Enrollment on hold due to COVID-19 pandemic.	Covid19
Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment of new subjects is temporarily	Covid19
Due to COVID-19	Covid19
COVID-19 precautions	Covid19